1. 如果已经遭受到的伪装攻击，Don的团队应该采取什么措施来制止?
What should Don&rsquo;s team put into place to stop the masquerading attacks that have been taking place?

A. 动态包过滤防火墙
Dynamic packet filter firewall
B. ARP欺骗保护
ARP spoofing protection
C. 在边缘路由器上禁用不必要的ICMP流量
Disable unnecessary ICMP traffic at edge routers
D. SRPC
SRPC
正确


2. Don的团队应该实施以下哪种有效的控制措施?
Which of the following is a cost-effective countermeasure that Don&rsquo;s team should implement?

A. 状态防火墙
Stateful firewall
B. 网络地址转换
Network address translation
C. SYN代理
SYN proxy
正确
D. IPv6
IPv6


3. 当客户端需要与服务器通信时，Don应该确定该机构的软件使用何种类型的客户端口?
What type of client ports should Don make sure the institution&rsquo;s software is using when client-to-server communication needs to take place?

A. 己知端口
Well known
B. 注册端口
Registered
C. 动态端口
Dynamic
正确
D. 任意端口
Free&nbsp;


4. 使用以下场景回答问题下面3个问题
Lancer入职一家大型医疗设备公司担当新的安全官员。他了解到许多防火墙和IDS产品未做过滤IPv6流量的配置:因此，许多攻击在安全团队不知道的隋况下发主了。虽然网络团队尝试通过实施自动化隧道功能来处理此问题，但恻门一直遇到网络NAT设备问题。Lance还发现针对公司面向公众的DNS服务器曾遭受缓冲攻击。Lance已经认识到目前的LDAP请求需要额外的身份验证，但是现有技术只提供基于密码的身份验证。
Lance has been brought in as a new security officer for a large medical equipment company. He has been told that many of the firewalls and IDS products have not been configured to filter IPv6 traffic; thus, many attacks have been taking place without the knowledge of the security team. While the network team has attempted to implement an automated tunneling feature to take care of this issue, they have continually run into problems with the network&rsquo;s NAT device. Lance has also found out that caching attacks have been successful against the company&rsquo;s public-facing DNS server. He has also identified that extra authentication is necessary for current LDAP requests, but the current technology only provides password-based authentication options.

5. 使用以下场景回答下面3个问题
Tom的公司遇到了许多问题，在网络中被安装了未授权的嗅探器。由于员工可以将笔记本电脑、智能手机和其他移动设备接入到网络中，而这些设备可能在其拥有者不知道的情况下安装了嗅探器，这是原因之一。因为所有的网络设备都需要为特定的VPN进行配置，而有些设备如交换机，不具备这样的功能，所以无法实施VP1Vo Tom的团队正在处理的另一个问题是如何保护内部的无线流量。虽然无线接入点可以配置数字证书用于认证，但是在每个无线用户设备上部署和维护证书的成本是十分高昂的，并且会对网络团队造成很多负担。Tom的老板也告诉他，公司需要从一个城域网解决方案转移到无线解决方案。
&nbsp;Tom&rsquo;s company has been experienc&shy;ing many issues with unauthorized sniffers being installed on the network. One reason is because employees can plug their laptops, smartphones, and other mobile devices into the network, any of which may be infected and have a running sniffer that the owner is not aware of. Implementing VPNs will not work because all of the network devices would need to be configured for specific VPNs, and some devices, as in their switches, do not have this type of functionality available. Another issue Tom&rsquo;s team is dealing with is how to secure internal wireless traffic. While the wireless access points can be config&shy;ured with digital certificates for authentication, pushing out and maintaining certificates on each wireless user device is cost prohibitive and will cause too much of a burden on the network team. Tom&rsquo;s boss has also told him that the company needs to move from a landline metropolitan area network solution to a wireless solution.

6. 使用以下场景回答下面3个问题
Sean是一家大型金融机构的新安全管理人员。Sean在他的新职位的第一个星期中意识到了几个问题。首先，即使在每个网络的网关位置都有严格配置的防火墙来控制来往这些服务器的流量，伪造数据包似乎还可以访问关键服务器。Sean的一个团队成员抱怨当前的防火墙日志过大，并且有太多无用的数据。他还告诉Sean，团队需要使用&ldquo;少允许&rdquo;的规则，而不是现在的&ldquo;any-any，，规则类型。Sean还发现，一些团队成员希望将tarpit部署软件到一些经常受到攻击的系统上。
&nbsp;Sean is the new security administrator for a large financial institution. There are several issues that Sean is made aware of the first week he is in his new position. First, spurious packets seem to arrive at critical servers even though each network has tightly configured firewalls at each gateway position to control traffic to and from these servers. One of Sean&rsquo;s team members complains that the current firewall logs are excessively large and full of useless data. He also tells Sean that the team needs to be using fewer permissive rules instead of the current &ldquo;any-any&rdquo; rule type in place. Sean has also found out that some team members want to implement tarpits on some of the most commonly attacked systems
&nbsp;

7. 使用以下场景回答下面3个问题
John是他公司的安全团队经理。他了解到攻击者己经在公司不知情的情况下在整个网络中安装了嗅探器。除了这个问题，他的团队还发现两台DNS服务器没有记录复制限制，而且服务器中己经缓存了可疑的域名解析数据。
John is the manager of the security team within his company. He has learned that attackers have installed sniffers through&shy;out the network without the company&rsquo;s knowledge. Along with this issue his team has also found out that two DNS servers had no record replication restrictions put into place and the servers have been caching suspicious name resolution data.

8. 使用以下场景回答下面3个问题
Grace是一所医疗机构的安全管理员，她负责几个不同的团队。其中的一个团队报告说，当他们的主FDDI连接失败时，即使切换到冗余链接，三个关键系统也会停机。Grace还需要向她的团队建议:校园内部建筑之间应该使用光纤来连接。由于这是一个医疗设施培训机构，有许多手术录像，并且数据必须持续从一个建筑传输到另一个建筑。Grace还收到了另外一个事件的报告，这个报告称有周期性的DoS对内部网络中的特定服务器进行攻击。攻击者向特定子网上的所有主机发送大量ICMP ECHO REQUEST数据包，特定的服务器都在这个子网里。
Grace is a security administrator for a medical institution and is responsible for many different teams. One team has reported that when their main FDDI connection failed, three critical systems went offline even though the connection was supposed to provide redundancy. Grace has to also advise her team on the type of fiber that should be implemented for campus building-to-building connectivity. Since this is a medical training facility, many surgeries are video recorded and that data must continuously travel from one building to the next. One other thing that has been reported to Grace is that periodic DoS attacks take place against specific servers within the internal network. The attacker sends excessive ICMP Echo Request packets to all the hosts on a specific subnet, which is aimed at one specific server.

9. Charlie在基于Linux的电子邮件客户端上使用PGP。他的朋友Dave在基于Windows的电子邮件中使用S/MIME o Charlie无法发送加密的电子邮件给Dave。这可能是什么原因?
Charlie uses PGP on his Linux-based email client. His friend Dave uses S/MIME on his Windows-based email. Charlie is unable to send an encrypted email to Dave. What is the likely reason?

A. PGP和S/MIME不兼容
PGP and S/MIME are incompatible
正确
B. 他们之间使用不同的秘密密钥
Each has a different secret key
C. 他们之间使用不同的CA
using a different CA
D. 没有足够的信息来确定可能的原因
There is not enough information to determine the likely reason


10. Alice想发送一条消息给Bob，Bob离她有几个网路跳。保护消息机密性的最合理方法是什么?
Alice wants to send a message to Bob, who is several network hops away from her. What is the best approach to protecting the confidentiality of the message?

A. S/MIME
S/MIME
正确
B. 链路加密
Link encryption
C. SSH
SSH
D. PPTP
PPTP


11. 多年来，无线局域网技术经历了不同的版本，以解决原始IEEE 802.11标准中一些固有的安全问题。以下哪项提供}Ui-Fi保护访问2(WPA2)的正确特性?
Wireless LAN technologies have gone through different versions over the years to address some of the inherent security issues within the original IEEE 802.11 standard. Which of the following provides the correct characteristics of Wi-Fi Protected Access 2 (WPA2)?

A. IEEE 802.1 X, WEP，MAC
IEEE 802.1X, WEP, MAC
B. IEEE 802.1 X; EAP, TKIP
IEEE 802.1 X; EAP, TKIP
C. IEEE 802.1 X, EAP， WEP
IEEE 802.1 X, EAP， WEP
D. IEEE X802.1 X> EAP CCMP
IEEE X802.1 X> EAP CCMP
正确


12. 通过在网络交换机上使用_______________来屏蔽未经身份验证的DHCP客户端是一种有效的方法。
An effective method to shield networks from unauthenticated DHCP clients is through the use of _______________ on network switches.

A. DHCP嗅探
DHCP snooping
正确
B. DHCP保护
DHCP protection
C. DHCP屏蔽
DHCP shielding
D. DHCP缓存
DHCP caching


13. 以下哪项不是DHCP租用流程的阶段之一?
&nbsp;i.发现
&nbsp;iz.提供
&nbsp;iii.请求
&nbsp;iv.响应
Which of the following is not one of the stages of the DHCP lease process?
i. Discover 
ii. Offer 
iii. Request 
iv. Acknowledgment&nbsp;

A. 以上都是
&nbsp;All of them&nbsp;
B. 以上都不是
None of them&nbsp;
正确
C. i, ii
i, ii&nbsp;
D. ii, iii
&nbsp;ii, iii&nbsp;


14. ______________是IETF定义的信令协议，广泛用于控制多媒体通信会话，如通过IP进行的语音和视频呼叫。
The ______________ is an IETF-defined signaling protocol, widely used for controlling multimedia communication sessions such as voice and video calls over IP.

A. 会话初始化协议(Session Initiation Protocol.SIP)
Session Initiation Protocol
正确
B. 实施传输协议
Real-time Transport Protocol
C. SS7
SS7
D. VoIP
VoIP


15. 以下哪项工作在会话层?
What takes place at the session layer?

A. 对话控制
Dialog control
正确
B. 路由
Routing
C. 包序列
Packet sequencing
D. 寻址
Addressing


16. 以下哪项不是受保护的可扩展的身份验证协议((PEAP)的特征？
Which of the following is not a characteristic of the Protected Extensible Authentication Protocol?

A. 用于无线网络和点对点连接中的身份验证协议
Authentication protocol used in wireless networks and point-to-point connections
B. PEAP的设计旨在为802.11 WLAN提供身份验证
Designed to provide authentication for 802.11 WLANs
C. PEAP的设计支持802.1 X端口访问控制和TLS
Designed to support 802.1X port access control and Transport Layer Security
D. PEAP的设计支持密码保护连接
Designed to support password-protected connections
正确


17. 以下哪项最恰当地描述了IP协议?
Which best describes the IP protocol?

A. IP协议是无连接的，它可以处理对话建立、维持和销毁
A connectionless protocol that deals with dialog establishment, maintenance, and destruction
B. IP协议是无连接的，它可以处理寻址和IP包的路由
A connectionless protocol that deals with the addressing and routing of packets
正确
C. IP协议是面向连接的，它可以处理寻址和IP包的路由
A connection-oriented protocol that deals with the addressing and routing of packets
D. IP协议是面向连接的，它可以处理排序、错误探测和流控
A connection-oriented protocol that deals with sequencing, error detection, and flow control


18. 以下哪项工作在数据链路层?
What takes place at the data link layer?

A. 端到端的连接
End-to-end connection
B. 对话控制
Dialog control
C. 帧
Framing
正确
D. 数据语法
Data syntax


19. 以下哪些协议工作在应用层、数据链路层、网络层和传输层中?
Which of the following protocols work in the following layers: application, data link, network, and transport?

A. FTP, ARP, TCP和UDP
FTP, ARP, TCP和UDP
B. FTP, ICMP, IP和UDP
FTP, ICMP, IP和UDP
C. TFTP, ARP, IP和UDP
TFTP, ARP, IP和UDP
正确
D. TFTP, RARP, IP和ICMP
TFTP, RARP, IP和ICMP


20. 基于OSI框架构建的系统被认为是开放系统。这是什么意思?
Systems that are built on the OSI framework are considered open systems. What does this mean?

A. 它们没有默认的身份验证机制配置。
They do not have authentication mechanisms configured by default.
B. 它们有互操作性问题。
They have interoperability issues.
C. 它们采用国际公认的协议和标准，因此可以轻松与其他系统进行通信。
They are built with internationally accepted protocols and standards so they can easily communicate with other systems.
正确
D. 它们建立在国际协议和标准之上，因此它们可以选择与哪些类型的系统通信。
They are built with international protocols and standards so they can choose what types of systems they will communicate with.


21. 以下哪项关于组成IPSec特定组件或协议的定义是不正确的?
Which of the following provides an incorrect definition of the specific component or protocol that makes up IPSec?

A. 身份验证首部协议提供数据完整性、数据源验证和抵御重放攻击。
Authentication Header protocol provides data integrity, data origin authentication, and protection from replay attacks.
B. 封装安全有效载荷协议提供机密性、数据源验证和数据完整性。
Encapsulating Security Payload protocol provides confidentiality, data origin authentication, and data integrity.
C. 互联网安全连接和密钥管理协议(ISAKMP)提供安全关联创建和密钥交换的框架。
Internet Security Association and Key Management Protocol provides a framework for security association creation and key exchange.
D. 互联网密钥交换((IKE)提供经验证的密钥材料
Internet Key Exchange provides authenticated keying material for use with encryption algorithms.
正确


22. 城域以太网是一种MAN协议，这种协议可以工作在由接入、聚合、城域和核心层组成的网络基础设施中。以下哪项最恰当地描述了这种网络基础设施?
Metro Ethernet is a MAN protocol that can work in network infrastructures made up of access, aggregation, metro, and core layers. Which of the following best describes these network infrastructure layers?

A. 访问层把客户的设备与服务提供商的聚合网络连接在一起。聚合出现在核心网络中。都市层是城域网。其核心连接着不同的城域网络。
The access layer connects the customer&rsquo;s equipment to a service provider&rsquo;s aggregation network. Aggregation occurs on a core network. The metro layer is the metropolitan area network. The core connects different metro networks.
B. 访问层把客户的设备与服务提供商的核心网络连接在一起。聚合在核心层出现在分布式网络中。都市层是城域网。
The access layer connects the customer&rsquo;s equipment to a service provider&rsquo;s core network. Aggregation occurs on a distribution network at the core. The metro layer is the metropolitan area network.
C. 访问层把客户的设备与服务提供商的聚合网络连接在一起。聚合出现在分布式网络中。都市层是城域网。其核心连接着不同的访问。
The access layer connects the customer&rsquo;s equipment to a service provider&rsquo;s aggregation network. Aggregation occurs on a distribution network. The metro layer is the metropolitan area network. The core connects different access layers.
D. 访问层把客户的设备与服务提供商的聚合网络连接在一起。聚合出现在分布式网络中。都市层是城域网。其核心连接着不同的城域网络。
The access layer connects the customer&rsquo;s equipment to a service provider&rsquo;s aggregation network. Aggregation occurs on a distribution network. The metro layer is the metropolitan area network. The core connects different metro networks.
正确


23. 以下哪项技术可将先前出现的独立安全解决方案集成在一起，其目的是提供简约、集中的控制流线化?Which of the following
technologies integrates previously independent security solutions with the goal of providing simplicity, centralized control, and streamlined processes?

A. 网络融合
Network convergence
B. 安全即服务
Security as a service
C. 统一威胁管理(UTM)
Unified threat management
正确
D. 综合融合管理
Integrated convergence management


24. 以下哪项是桥接模式技术，这种技术可以监控虚拟机之间的每个流量链接，或者它们也能集成到管理程序中?
Which of the following is a bridge-mode technology that can monitor individual traffic links between virtual machines or can be integrated within a hypervisor component?

A. 正交频分
Orthogonal frequency division
B. 统一威胁管理调制解调
Unified threat management modem
C. 虚拟防火墙
Virtual firewall
正确
D. 互联网安全连接和密钥管理协议
Internet Security Association and Key Management Protocol


25. 以下哪种代理类型无法根据协议的命令结构进行访问决策?
Which of the following proxies cannot make access decisions based upon protocol commands?

A. 应用
Application
B. 包过滤
Packet filtering
C. 电路
Circuit
正确
D. 状态
Stateful


26. 如果一个攻击者能够把标签插入基于网络或基于交换的协议中，这样做的目的是操纵对数据链路层上流量的控制，这种行为被称为什么?
Which of the following can take place if an attacker can insert tagging values into network- and switch-based protocols with the goal of manipulating traffic at the data link layer?

A. 开发中继操作
Open relay manipulation
B. VLAN跳频攻击
VLAN hopping attack
正确
C. 虚拟管理层拒绝式服务攻击
Hypervisor denial-of-service attack
D. Smurf攻击
Smurf attack


27. 下列哪个协议称为面向连接的协议？
Which of the following protocols is considered connection-oriented?

A. IP
IP
B. ICMP
ICMP
C. UDP
UDP
D. TCP
TCP
正确


28. 为什么交换架构比路由网络更安全?
Why are switched infrastructures safer environments than routed networks?

A. 因为计算机之间会建立一个虚拟私有连接，因此很难对流量抓包。
It is more difficult to sniff traffic since the computers have virtual private connections.
正确
B. 它们与非交换环境一样不安全。
They are just as unsafe as nonswitched environments.
C. 数据链路加密，不允许窃听。
The data link encryption does not permit wiretapping.
D. 交换机比桥接器更智能，以及实现了安全机制。
Switches are more intelligent than bridges and implement security mechanisms.


29. 下列哪项不是IEEE 802.11 a标准的特征?
Which of the following is not a characteristic of the IEEE 802.11a standard?

A. 在SGHz频率段下工作。
It works in the 5-GHz range.
B. 使用OFDM扩展频谱技术。
It uses the OFDM spread spectrum technology.
C. 它提供了54Mbps的带宽。
It provides 52 Mbps in bandwidth.
正确
D. 操作范围比802.11b小。
It covers a smaller distance than 802.11b.


