1. 以下哪个答案包含了不属于物理安全计划的控制类别?
Which of the following answers contains a category of controls that does not belong in a physical security program?

A. 威慑和延迟
Deterrence and delaying
B. 响应和检测
Response and detection
C. 评估和检测
Assessment and detection
D. 延迟和照明
Delaying and lighting
正确


2. 与气体流通有关的正气压是什么意思?
What does positive pressurization pertaining to ventilation mean?

A. 当打开窗户时，空气流入室内。
When a door opens, the air comes in.
B. 当火灾发生时，电力供应停止。
When a fire takes place, the power supply is disabled.
C. 当火灾发生时，浓烟被转移到一个房间。
When a fire takes place, the smoke is diverted to one room.
D. 但门打开时，空气流向室外。
When a door opens, the air goes out.
正确


3. 在一个区内，湿度会引起电器设备的哪些问题?
Which problems may be caused by humidity in an area with electrical devices?

A. 湿度较高会产生超高电量，湿度较低会发生腐蚀。
High humidity causes excess electricity, and low humidity causes corrosion.
B. 湿度较高会发生腐蚀，湿度较低会产生静电。
High humidity causes corrosion, and low humidity causes static electricity.
正确
C. 湿度较高会发生功率波动，湿度较低会产生静电。
High humidity causes power fluctuations, and low humidity causes static electricity.
D. 湿度较高会发生腐蚀，湿度较低会发生功率波动。
High humidity causes corrosion, and low humidity causes power fluctuations.


4. 以下哪一项不是OPTED的主要概念?
Which of the following is not a main component of CPTED?

A. 自然访问控制
Natural access control
B. 环境监视
Natural surveillance
C. 区域加固
Territorial reinforcement
D. 目标固化
Target hardening
正确


5. 在什么时候需要使用C级灭火器代替A类灭火器?
When should a Class C fire extinguisher be used instead of a Class A fire extinguisher?

A. 电子设备起火时
When electrical equipment is on fire
正确
B. 木头和纸张起火时
When wood and paper are on fire
C. 可燃液体起火时
&nbsp;When a combustible liquid is on fire
D. 火灾发生在一个开放区域时
When the fire is in an open area


6. 由随机值组成的密钥生成称为密钥导出函数(Key Derivation Functions KDF)。这种密钥的生成过程中不常用什么值?
The generation of keys that are made up of random values is referred to as Key Derivation Functions (KDFs). What values are not commonly used in this key generation process?

A. 散列值
Hashing values
B. 非对称值
Asymmetric values
正确
C. 盐值
Salts
D. 密码
Passwords


7. 下列哪项使用了对称密钥和散列算法?
Which of the following uses a symmetric key and a hashing algorithm?

A. HMAC
HMAC
正确
B. Triple-DES
Triple-DES
C. ISAKMP-OAKLEY
ISAKMP-OAKLEY
D. RSA
RSA


8. 以下哪项描述了DeS算法和RSA算法的区别?
Which of the following describes the difference between the Data Encryption Standard and the Rivest-Shamir-Adleman algorithm?

A. DES是一种对称算法，而RSA是一种非对称算法。
DES is symmetric, while RSA is asymmetric.
正确
B. DES是一种非对称算法，而RSA是一种对称算法。
DES is asymmetric, while RSA is symmetric.
C. 都是散列算法，但RSA生成160的散列值。
They are hashing algorithms, but RSA produces a 160-bit hashing value.
D. DES创建公钥和私钥，而RSA加密消息。
DES creates public and private keys, while RSA encrypts messages.


9. 以下哪项基于大数字分解成两个质数的困难性?
Which of the following is based on the fact that it is hard to factor large numbers into two original prime numbers?

A. ECC
ECC
B. RSA
RSA
正确
C. DES
DES
D. Diffie-Hellman
Diffie-Hellman


10. 在用户密码上使用单向散列的主要目的是什么?
What is the primary purpose of using one-way hashing on user passwords?

A. 它最大限度地减少存储密码所需的主存储和辅助存储。
It minimizes the amount of primary and secondary storage needed to store passwords.
B. 它能阻止任何人以明文形式读取到密码。
It prevents anyone from reading passwords in plaintext.
正确
C. 它避免了非对称加密算法的过多处理过程。
It avoids excessive processing required by an asymmetric algorithm.
D. 它阻止了重放攻击。
It prevents replay attacks.


11. 一个算法的工作因素定义是什么?
What is the definition of an algorithm&rsquo;s work factor?

A. 加密和解密相同明文的时间
The time it takes to encrypt and decrypt the same plaintext
B. 破译加密所需的时间
The time it takes to break the encryption
正确
C. 执行16轮计算的时间
The time it takes to implement 16 rounds of computation
D. 应用替换函数的时间
The time it takes to apply substitution functions


12. 如果不同密码加密相同信息产生了相同密文，这被称为了什么?
If different keys generate the same ciphertext for the same message, what is this called?

A. 冲突
Collision
B. 安全散列
Secure hashing
C. MAC
MAC
D. 密钥群集
Key clustering
正确


13. 当用数据加密来保护数据时，以下哪个描述是正确的?
Which of the following is a true statement pertaining to data encryption when it is used to protect data?

A. 需要验证数据的完整性和准确性。
It verifies the integrity and accuracy of the data.
B. 需要周密的密钥管理。
It requires careful key management.
正确
C. 在资源方面不需要太多的系统开销。
It does not require much system overhead in resources.
D. 需要密钥托管。
It requires keys to be escrowed.


14. DES执行了多少轮的换位/置换和替换?
DES performs how many rounds of transposition/permutation and substitution?

A. 16
16
正确
B. 32
32
C. 64
64
D. 56
56


15. 创建了会话密钥后，通常会发生什么?
What process usually takes place after creating a DES session key?

A. 密钥签名
Key signing
B. 密钥托管
Key escrow
C. 密钥群集
Key clustering
D. 密钥交换
Key exchange
正确


16. 谁参与开发了第一个公钥算法?
Who was involved in developing the first public key algorithm?

A. Adi Shamir
Adi Shamir
B. Ross Anderson
Ross Anderson
C. Bruee Schneier
Bruce Schneier
D. Martin Hellman
Martin Hellman
正确


17. DEA代表什么?
What does DEA stand for?

A. 数据编码算法
Data Encoding Algorithm
B. 数据编码应用
Data Encoding Application
C. 数据加密算法
Data Encryption Algorithm
正确
D. 数字加密算法
Digital Encryption Algorithm


18. 下列哪项最好地描述了认证授权机构?
Which of the following best describes a certificate authority?

A. 颁发私钥和相应算法的组织
An organization that issues private keys and the corresponding algorithms
B. 验证加密过程的组织
An organization that validates encryption processes
C. 验证加密密钥的组织
An organization that verifies encryption keys
D. 颁发证书的组织
An organization that issues certificates
正确


19. DES代表什么?
What does DES stand for?

A. 数据加密系统
Data Encryption System
B. 数据加密标准
Data Encryption Standard
正确
C. 数据编码标准
Data Encoding Standard
D. 数据加密签名
Data Encryption Signature


20. 为什么证书颁发机构要撤销证书?
Why would a certificate authority revoke a certificate?

A. 如果用户的公钥己泄露
If the user&rsquo;s public key has become compromised
B. 如果用户变更并使用了信任网络的PEM模型
If the user changed over to using the PEM model that uses a web of trust
C. 如果用户的私钥已泄露
If the user&rsquo;s private key has become compromised
正确
D. 如果用户搬到了新的场所
If the user moved to a new location


21. DES的有效密钥长度是多少位?
How many bits make up the effective length of the DES key?

A. 56
56
正确
B. 64
64
C. 32
32
D. 16
16


22. 下列哪项最恰当地描述了数字签名?Which of the following best describes a digital signature?

A. 一种将手写签名转移到电子文档的方法
A method of transferring a handwritten signature to an electronic document
B. 一种加密机密信息的方法
A method to encrypt confidential information
C. 一种提供电子签名和加密的方法
A method to provide an electronic signature and encryption
D. 一种让消息的接收者验证消息的源和完整性的方法
A method to let the receiver of the message prove the source and integrity of a message
正确


23. 什么用于创建数字签名?
What is used to create a digital signature?

A. 接受者的私钥
The receiver&rsquo;s private key
B. 发送者的公钥
The sender&rsquo;s public key
C. 发送者的私钥
The sender&rsquo;s private key
正确
D. 接受者的公钥
The receiver&rsquo;s public key


24. RSA优于DSA的地方是什么?
What is an advantage of RSA over DSA?

A. RSA能提供数字签名和加密功能。
It can provide digital signature and encryption functionality.
正确
B. 由于使用了对称密钥，因此RSA使用了更少的资源，并且加密速度快。
It uses fewer resources and encrypts faster because it uses symmetric keys.
C. RSA是分组加密，而不是流加密。
It is a block cipher rather than a stream cipher.
D. RSA采用了一次性加密本。
It employs a one-time encryption pad.


25. 下列哪项最恰当的描述了HMAC和CBC-MAC的不同?
Which option best describes the difference between HMAC and CBC-MAC?

A. HMAC创建一个消息摘要，并用于完整性;CBC-MAC使用数据分组加密，用于实现密性。
HMAC creates a message digest and is used for integrity; CBC-MAC is used to encrypt blocks of data for confidentiality.
B. HMAC使用了对称密钥和哈希算法;CBC-MAC使用第一个块作为校验和。
HMAC uses a symmetric key and a hashing algorithm; CBC-MAC uses the first block for the checksum.
C. HMAC提供完整性和数据身份验证;CBC-MAC使用分组密码创建MAC 。
HMAC provides integrity and data origin authentication; CBC-MAC uses a block cipher for the process of creating a MAC.
正确
D. HMAC用同步密钥加密消息，然后通过一个哈希算法得到结果;CBC-MAC加密整个消息。
HMAC encrypts a message with a symmetric key and then puts the result through a hashing algorithm; CBC-MAC encrypts the whole message.


26. 为了创建安全消息摘要，美国联邦政府开发了以下哪项算法?
Which of the following is a U.S. federal government algorithm developed for creating secure message digests?

A. 数据加密算法
Data Encryption Algorithm
B. 数字签名标准
Digital Signature Standard
C. 安全哈希算法
Secure Hash Algorithm
正确
D. 数字签名算法
Data Signature Algorithm


27. 什么表明消息已被修改?
What would indicate that a message had been modified?

A. 公钥已经被修改。
The public key has been altered.
B. 私钥已经被修改。
The private key has been altered.
C. 消息摘要值已经被修改。
The message digest has been altered.
正确
D. 消息值已经被恰当地加密。
The message has been encrypted properly.


28. 以下哪项不是单向散列函数的属性或特性?
Which of the following is not a property or characteristic of a one-way hash function?

A. 它把一个任意长度的消息转换为一个固定长度值
It converts a message of arbitrary length into a value of fixed length.
B. 通过给定的摘要值，在计算上不可能找到相应的消息。
Given the digest value, it should be computationally infeasible to find the corresponding message.
C. 从两个不同的信息中得到相同的摘要值应该是不可能或很罕见的。
It should be impossible or rare to derive the same digest from two different messages.
D. 它把一个固定长度的消息转换为一个任意长度的值
It converts a message of fixed length to an arbitrary length value.
正确


29. 为什么蛮力攻击的成功率提高了?
Why has the frequency of successful brute-force attacks increased?

A. 在算法中增加了排序和置换的使用。
The use of permutations and transpositions in algorithms has increased.
B. 随着算法越来越强，它们变得越来越不复杂，因此更容易受到攻击。
As algorithms get stronger, they get less complex, and thus more susceptible to attacks.
C. 处理器速度和能力已经提高
Processor speed and power have increased.
正确
D. 密钥长度随着时间减少
Key length reduces over time.


30. 密码分析学的目标是什么?
What is the goal of cryptanalysis?

A. 为确定算法的强度
To determine the strength of an algorithm
正确
B. 为增加加密算法的替换功能
To increase the substitution functions in a cryptographic algorithm
C. 为增加加密算法的置换功能
To decrease the transposition functions in a cryptographic algorithm
D. 为确定排列的使用
To determine the permutations used


31. John己被告知:DMZ区的Web服务器上安装的其中一个应用程序可以接受客户使用Web浏览器输入的任何长度信息，通过这台Web服务器提供的收集新客户数据的表单。以下哪项描述是关于这种漏洞类型的问题?
John has been told that one of the applications installed on a web server within the DMZ accepts any length of information that a customer using a web browser inputs into the form the web server provides to collect new customer data. Which of the following describes an issue that John should be aware of pertaining to this type of vulnerability?

A. 这个应用是用C语言开发的。
Application is written in the C programming language.
正确
B. 这个应用没有执行可信计算基的要求。
Application is not carrying out enforcement of the trusted computing base.
C. 这个应用运行在基于环结构的3环。
Application is running in ring 3 of a ring-based architecture.
D. 这个应用不恰当地与内存管理进行交互。
Application is not interacting with the memory manager properly.


32. 使用以下场景来回答3个问题。
Steve发现他的团队提交评估的软件产品没有达到他们希望的实际级别。他对这个问题感到困惑，因为软件在部署之前通过了必要的认证和认可过程。Steve被告知系统允许加载未授权的设备驱动程序，并且有一个关键流程可以用来绕过软件的访问控制保护机制。Steve从产品测试人员那里收到的一些反馈是，它应该集成地址空间随机化和数据执行保护。
Steve has found out that the software product that his team submitted for evaluation did not achieve the actual rating they were hoping for. He was confused about this issue since the software passed the necessary certification and accreditation processes before being deployed. Steve was told that the system allows for unauthorized device drivers to be loaded and that there was a key sequence that could be used to bypass the software access control protection mechanisms. Some feedback Steve received from the product testers is that it should implement address space layout randomization and data execution protection.

33. 使用以下场景来回答2个问题。

Tom是一名新的安全经理，负责审查公司目前内部开发的软件。他发现一些软件己经过时，并导致了性能和功能的问题。在测试过程中，他发现当一个程序停止运行时，它会对同一个系统上的其他程序产生负面影响。他还发现，随着系统运行一个月的时间，执行开始变慢，但重新启动系统后，这个问题就消失了。

Tom is a new security manager who is responsible for reviewing the current software that the company has developed internally. He finds that some of the software is outdated, which causes performance and functionality issues. During his testing procedures he sees that when one program stops functioning, it negatively affects other programs on the same system. He also finds out that as systems run over a period of a month, they start to perform more slowly, but by rebooting the systems this issue goes away.


34. Mark是一名安全管理员，他负责为公司刚启用的托管设施采购新的计算机系统。该公司有几个对时间敏感的应用程序，需要大规模的处理能力。托管设施不如主设施那么大，所以只能配备较少数量的计算机，这些计算机仍然必须承载与主系统相同的处理负载。为了达到这个目的，以下哪一项最好地描述了Mark需要购买的产品的最重要方面?
Mark is a security administrator who is responsible for purchasing new computer systems for a co-location facility his company is starting up. The company has several time-sensitive applications that require extensive processing capabilities. The co-location facility is not as large as the main facility, so it can only fit a smaller number of computers, which still must carry the same processing load as the systems in the main building. Which of the following best describes the most important aspects of the products Mark needs to purchase for these purposes?

A. 系统必须提供对称多处理能力和虚拟化环境。
Systems must provide symmetric multiprocessing capabilities and virtualized environments.
B. 系统必须提供不对称多处理能力和虚拟化环境。
Systems must provide asymmetric multiprocessing capabilities and virtualized environments.
正确
C. 系统必须提供多处理多进程能力和虚拟化环境。
Systems must provide multiprogramming multiprocessing capabilities and virtualized environments.
D. 系统必须提供多处理多进程能力和对称多处理环境。
Systems must provide multiprogramming multiprocessing capabilities and symmetric multiprocessing environments.


35. 关于组成计算机系统的常见组件，下列哪一项描述是错误的?
i.通用寄存器通常用于保存临时进程数据，然而专用寄存器用于保存进程特征数据作为条件位。
ii.系统从地址读取数据，又把请求数据放到了数据总线上。处理器沿着地址总线发送了一个存储地址和&ldquo;读&rdquo;请求，并且沿着I/O总线发送一个存储地址和&ldquo;写&rdquo;请求。
iii.进程与进程之间的通信通常通过存储器栈来实现，存储器栈通常由单个缓存地址指针组成。
iv. CPU使用堆栈返回指针来跟踪需要处理的下一个指令集。
Which of the following is an incorrect description pertaining to the common components that make up computer systems?
i. General registers are commonly used to hold temporary processing data, while special registers are used to hold process-characteristic data as in condition bits.
ii. A processor sends a memory address and a &ldquo;read&rdquo; request down an address bus and a memory address and a &ldquo;write&rdquo; request down an I/O bus.
iii. Process-to-process communication commonly takes place through memory stacks, which are made up of individually addressed buffer locations.
iv. A CPU uses a stack return pointer to keep track of the next instruction sets it needs to process.

A. &nbsp;i
&nbsp;i
B. i, ii
i, ii
C. &nbsp;ii，iii
&nbsp;ii，iii
D. &nbsp;ii，iv
&nbsp;ii，iv.
正确


36. Pete是一家金融机构新的安全经理，这个机构负责为自己的特有功能开发内部软件。金融机构在全球分布了多个地点，并在:过去十年中收购了几家独立的公司，每个公司都有自己不同的环境。由于每个收购的公司都有自己独特的环境，所以很难用有效的方式开发和部署内部软件，并满足所有业务部门的需求。Pete应该确保开发团队实施以下哪一项标准，来满足各种业务需求?
Pete is a new security manager at a financial institution that develops its own internal software for specific proprietary functionality. The financial institution has several locations distributed throughout the world and has bought several individual companies over the last ten years, each with its own heterogeneous environment. Since each purchased company had its own unique environment, it has been difficult to develop and deploy internally developed software in an effective manner that meets all the necessary business unit requirements. Which of the following best describes a standard that Pete should ensure the software development team starts to implement so that various business needs can be met?

A. I SO/IEC/IEEE 42010
ISO/IEC/IEEE 42010
正确
B. 通用准则
Common Criteria
C. ISO/IEC 43010
ISO/IEC 43010
D. ISO/IEC 15408
ISO/IEC 15408


37. 以下哪项是与存储器寻址有关的正确陈述?
Which of the following is a true statement pertaining to memory addressing?

A. CPU使用绝对地址。软件使用逻辑地址。关系地址是包括正确偏移值的己知地址。
The CPU uses absolute addresses. Applications use logical addresses. Relative addresses are based on a known address and an offset value.
正确
B. CPU使用逻辑地址。软件使用绝对地址。关系地址是包括正确偏移值的己知地址。
The CPU uses logical addresses. Applications use absolute addresses. Relative addresses are based on a known address and an offset value.
C. CPU使用绝对地址。软件使用关系地址。逻辑地址是包括正确偏移值的己知地址。
The CPU uses absolute addresses. Applications use relative addresses. Logical addresses are based on a known address and an offset value.
D. CPU使用绝对地址。软件使用逻辑地址。绝对地址是包括正确偏移值的已知地址。
The CPU uses absolute addresses. Applications use logical addresses. Absolute addresses are based on a known address and an offset value.


38. 以下哪个评级类别用于通过准则框架?
What type of rating is used within the Common Criteria framework?

A. PP
PP
B. EPL
EPL
C. EAL
EAL
正确
D. A-D
A&ndash;D


39. 在安全计算系统中，为什么进程之间存在逻辑隔离的形式?
In secure computing systems, why is there a logical form of separation used between processes?

A. 进程被赋予各自的安全域，从而能够防止未授权进程访问其他进程的数据和这些进程的资源。
Processes are contained within their own security domains so each does not make unauthorized accesses to other processes or their resources.
正确
B. 讲程被赋予各自的安全边界，因此它们仅能访问高于它们的保护级别。
Processes are contained within their own security perimeter so they can only access protection levels above them.
C. 进程被赋予各自的安全边界，因此它们仅能访问和它们平级的保护级别。
Processes are contained within their own security perimeter so they can only access protection levels equal to them.
D. 隔离本质上是硬件的而不是逻辑的。
The separation is hardware and not logical in nature.


40. 从安全的角度看，安全内核的最佳描述是什么?
What is the best description of a security kernel from a security point of view?

A. 引用监控器
Reference monitor
正确
B. 资源管理
Resource manager
C. 内存映射
Memory mapper
D. 安全边界
Security perimeter


41. 什么是一个假想的边界，这个边界用于把安全的组件和不安全的组件隔离开。
What is the imaginary boundary that separates components that maintain security from components that are not security related?

A. 引用监控器
Reference monitor
B. 安全内核
Security kernel
C. 安全边界
Security perimeter
正确
D. 安全策略
Security policy


42. 可信计算基((TCB)包含了以下哪项?
The trusted computing base (TCB) contains which of the following?

A. 所有可信的进程和软件组件
All trusted processes and software components
B. 所有可信的安全策略和执行机制
All trusted security policies and implementation mechanisms
C. 所有可信软件和设计机制
All trusted software and design mechanisms
D. 所有可信软件和硬件组件
All trusted software and hardware components
正确


43. 如果一个组件出现失败，系统应设计为执行以下哪项?
If a component fails, a system should be designed to do which of the following?

A. 改变到一个被保护的执行域
Change to a protected execution domain
B. 改变到一个问题状态
Change to a problem state
C. 改变到一个更安全的状态
Change to a more secure state
正确
D. 释放保存在易失性存储中的所有数据
Release all data held in volatile memory


44. 以下什么特征能够越过常规的安全检查，并执行代码?
What feature enables code to be executed without the usual security checks?

A. 暂时隔离
Temporal isolation
B. 维护陷阱
Maintenance hook
正确
C. 竞争条件
Race conditions
D. 过程复用
Process multiplexing


