1. 在你从事新工作的第一天，被邀请参加与代表公司的律师会晤，由于你的公司提供了基础设施服务。你了解到，有一项指控的调查正在进行中，该指控涉及到你的公司的系统管理员中有人不恰当的访问了属于客户的邮箱。根据到目前为止的了解，这最有可能进行哪种类型的调查？
On your first day in a new job, you are invited to a meeting with attorneys representing a company for which your company provides infrastructure services. You learn that there is a major investigation underway into allegations that one of your company&rsquo;s system administrators improperly accessed mailboxes belonging to this client. Based on what you know so far, which type of investigation is this likeliest to be?

A. 行政
Administrative
B. 监管
Regulatory
C. 刑事
Criminal
D. 民事
Civil
正确


2. 下列哪一项是可接受证据的必要特征?
Which of the following is a necessary characteristic of evidence for it to be admissible?

A. 它必须真实
It must be real.
B. 它必须值得注意
It must be noteworthy.
C. 它必须可靠
It must be reliable.
正确
D. 它必须很重要
It must be important.


3. 计算机取证调查人员在犯罪调查中没收电脑后，下一步是什么?
After a computer forensic investigator seizes a computer during a crime investigation, what is the next step?

A. 贴上标签并将其装箱，并且给箱体也贴上标签。
Label and put it into a container, and then label the container
B. 为证据除尘寻找指纹。
Dust the evidence for fingerprints
C. 制作磁盘的镜像副本。
Make an image copy of the disks
正确
D. 将证据锁进保险箱。
Lock the evidence in the safe


4. 以下哪一项是对基础场所的描述?
Which of the following describes a cold site?

A. 在几小时内即可配备并投入使用
 Fully equipped and operational in a few hours
B. 部分配备了数据处理设备
Partially equipped with data processing equipment
C. 价格昂贵，配置齐全
Expensive and fully configured
D. 提供环保措施，但无设备
Provides environmental measures but no equipment
正确


5. 以下哪一项不是对互惠协定的描述?
Which of the following does not describe a reciprocal agreement?

A. 该协议可强制执行
The agreement is enforceable.
正确
B. 是一种便宜的解决方案
It is a cheap solution.
C. 它可在灾难发生后立即实施
It may be able to be implemented right after a disaster.
D. 它可覆盖现有的数据处理站点
It could overwhelm a current data processing site.


6. 以下哪一项是为公司存储备份媒体的非现场备份设施所需的条件?
Which of the following is something that should be required of an offsite backup facility that stores backed-up media for companies?

A. 设施应距离原有设施10到15分钟的范围内以确保易于访问。
The facility should be within 10 to 15 minutes of the original facility to ensure easy access.
B. 设施应包括所有必需的个人电脑和服务器，并应有架空地板。
The facility should contain all necessary PCs and servers and should have raised flooring.
C. 设施应有武装警卫保护。
The facility should be protected by an armed guard.
D. 保护设施以防止未经授权的访问与进入。
The facility should protect against unauthorized access and entry.
正确


7. 下列哪一项是对远程日志的最佳描述?
Which is the best description of remote journaling?

A. 将大量数据备份到非现场设施
Backing up bulk data to an offsite facility
B. 将事务日志备份到非现场设施
Backing up transaction logs to an offsite facility
正确
C. 将事务捕捉并保存到内部的双镜像服务器
Capturing and saving transactions to two mirrored servers in-house
D. 将事务捕捉并保存到不同的介质类型
Capturing and saving transactions to different media types


8. 相对于基本完备场所或基础场所，下列哪一项是完备场所的最佳描述?
Which best describes a hot-site facility versus a warm- or cold-site facility?

A. 一个包含磁盘驱动器、控制器和磁带驱动器的站点。
A site that has disk drives, controllers, and tape drives
B. 一个包含所有必需的个人电脑、服务器和通信的站点。
A site that has all necessary PCs, servers, and telecommunications
正确
C. 一个包含布线、中央空调和架空地板的站点。
A site that has wiring, central air-conditioning, and raised flooring
D. 一个可带到公司停车场的移动站点。
A mobile site that can be brought to the company&rsquo;s parking lot


9. 你遇到一个先进的多态恶意软件，它使用自定义通信协议管控网络流量。协议的标头中有独特签名。哪种工具最适合通过阻止数据包遍历网络而缓解恶意软件的影响?
You come across an advanced piece of polymorphic malware that uses a custom communications protocol for network traffic. This protocol has a distinctive signature in its header. Which tool is best suited to mitigate this malware by preventing the packets from traversing the network?

A. 防恶意软件
Antimalware
B. 状态防火墙
Stateful firewall
C. 入侵检测系统(IDS)
Intrusion detection system (IDS)
D. 入侵防御系统((IPS)
Intrusion prevention system (IPS)
正确


10. 以下都是在系统中安装并经授权可以运行的软件的最佳控制方法，除了哪一个选项?
All of the following are best practices for controlling the software that is installed and authorized to run in our systems except?

A. 应用白名单
Application whitelisting
B. 代码审查
Code reviews
正确
C. 母盘
Gold Masters
D. 最小特权
Least privilege


11. 下列选项哪一个是对暗锁和弹簧锁之间的差异的最好描述?
Which of the following best describes the difference between a warded lock and a tumbler lock?

A. 弹簧锁比暗锁更简单和容易规避。
A tumbler lock is more simplistic and easier to circumvent than a warded lock.
B. 弹簧锁使用内部螺栓，暗锁使用内部柱芯。
A tumbler lock uses an internal bolt, and a warded lock uses internal cylinders.
C. 弹簧锁比暗锁的零部件多。
A tumbler lock has more components than a warded lock
正确
D. 暗锁主要用于外部，弹簧锁用于内部。
A warded lock is mainly used externally, and a tumbler lock is used internally.


12. 如果密码锁有门延迟选项，那意味着什么?
If a cipher lock has a door delay option, what does that mean?

A. 门打开一段时间后，警报响起
After a door is open for a specific period, the alarm goes off.
正确
B. 它只能在紧急情况下打开
It can only be opened during emergency situations.
C. 它有人质报警功能
It has a hostage alarm capability.
D. 它有监视覆盖功能
It has supervisory override capability.


13. 什么是密码锁?
What is a cipher lock?

A. 使用密钥的锁
A lock that uses cryptographic keys
B. 使用无法复制的密钥的锁
A lock that uses a type of key that cannot be reproduced
C. 使用令牌和周边阅读器的锁
A lock that uses a token and perimeter reader
D. 使用键盘的锁
A lock that uses a keypad
正确


14. 下列选项哪一个不是安装入侵检测与监控系统的缺点?
Which is not a drawback to installing intrusion detection and monitoring systems?

A. 安装费用昂贵
 It&rsquo;s expensive to install.
B. 它无法攻破
It cannot be penetrated.
正确
C. 它需要人员响应
It requires human response.
D. 它会产生误报
It&rsquo;s subject to false alarms.


15. 接近识别设备的两种一般类型是什么?
What are the two general types of proximity identification devices?

A. 生物测定设备和访问控制设备
Biometric devices and access control devices
B. 刷卡设备和被动元器件
Swipe card devices and passive devices
C. 预置码装置与无线装置
Preset code devices and wireless devices
D. 用户激活设备和系统传感设备
User-activated devices and system sensing devices
正确


16. 下列哪项不被视为延迟机制?
Which of the following is not considered a delaying mechanism?

A. 锁
Locks
B. 纵深防御措施
Defense-in-depth measures
C. 警告标志
Warning signs
正确
D. 访问控制
Access controls


17. 边界安全使用的振动检测设备的常见问题是什么?
What is a common problem with vibration-detection devices used for perimeter security?

A. 它们可能因在保护区域内发射正确的电信号而失效
They can be defeated by emitting the right electrical signals in the protected area.
B. 电源很容易被切断
The power source is easily disabled.
C. 它们引起假警报
They cause false alarms.
正确
D. 它们干扰计算设备
They interfere with computing devices.


18. 下列选项中哪一个不是静电入侵检测系统的特征?
Which of the following is not a characteristic of an electrostatic intrusion detection system?

A. 它产生静电场并监控电容变化
It creates an electrostatic field and monitors for a capacitance change.
B. 它可以用作大区域的入侵检测系统
It can be used as an intrusion detection system for large areas.
正确
C. 它在物体的电容和电感之间产生平衡
It produces a balance between the electric capacitance and inductance of an object.
D. 它可检测入侵者是否在目标的特定范围内
It can detect if an intruder comes within a certain range of an object.


19. 什么时候保安人员成为物理访问控制机制的最佳选择?
When is a security guard the best choice for a physical access control mechanism?

A. 需要辨别判断时
When discriminating judgment is required
正确
B. 需要进行入侵检测时
When intrusion detection is required
C. 安全预算低时
When the security budget is low
D. 访问控制到位时
When access controls are in place


20. 关于应答器的正确说法是什么?
What is true about a transponder?

A. 不需要在读卡器上刷卡就能读的卡
It is a card that can be read without sliding it through a card reader.
正确
B. 它是一种生物识别邻近装置
It is a biometric proximity device.
C. 它是用户在读卡器上刷卡以进入设施的卡片
It is a card that a user swipes through a card reader to gain access to a facility.
D. 它与身份验证服务器交换标记
It exchanges tokens with an authentication server


21. 以下哪一个选项不是闭路电视镜头的真实描述?
Which of the following is not a true statement about CCTV lenses?

A. 有手动光圈的镜头应用于外部监控
Lenses that have a manual iris should be used in outside monitoring.
正确
B. 变焦镜头会自动行使聚焦功能
Zoom lenses will carry out focus functionality automatically.
C. 景深随着透镜孔径的减少而增加
Depth of field increases as the size of the lens opening decreases.
D. 景深随着镜头焦距的减少而增加
Depth of field increases as the focal length of the lens decreases.


22. 一家公司需要采用CCTV系统以监控设施外的大片区域组合?
A company needs to implement a CCTV system that will monitor a large area outside the facility. Which of the following is the correct lens combination for this?

A. 一个广角镜头和一个小透镜孔径
A wide-angle lens and a small lens opening
正确
B. 一个广角镜头和一个大透镜孔径
A wide-angle lens and a large lens opening
C. 一个广角镜头和一个带小焦距的大透镜孔径
A wide-angle lens and a large lens opening with a small focal length
D. 一个广角镜头和一个带大焦距的大透镜孔径
A wide-angle lens and a large lens opening with a large focal length


23. 以下哪项不需要更新的文件?
Which of the following would not require updated documentation?

A. 防病毒签名更新
An antivirus signature update
正确
B. 服务器重新配置
Reconfiguration of a server
C. 安全策略变更
A change in security policy
D. 为生产服务器安装补丁
The installation of a patch to a production server


24. &ldquo;最小特权&rdquo;与&ldquo;知其所需&rdquo;之间的区别是什么?
What is the difference between least privilege and need to know?

A. 用户应有限制其需要知道的最小特权。
A user should have least privilege that restricts her need to know.
B. 用户应有访问资源的安全许可，需要了解那些资源，有最小特权可全面控制所有资源。
A user should have a security clearance to access resources, a need to know about those resources, and least privilege to give her full control of all resources.
C. 用户访问特定资源时，执行最小特权以确保仅访问需要知道的资源。
A user should have a need to know to access particular resources, and least privilege should be implemented to ensure she only accesses the resources she has a need to know.
正确
D. 它们是同一问题的两种不同说法。
They are two different terms for the same issue.


25. 以下哪项关于持续监控是不正确的？
Which of the following is not true about continuous monitoring?

A. 它涉及一些临时安排的过程，这些过程可提供对新攻击的敏捷响应。
It involves ad hoc processes that provide agility in responding to novel attacks.
正确
B. 其主要目标是支持组织风险管理。
Its main goal is to support organizational risk management.
C. 它有助于确定安全控制措施是否仍然有效。
It helps determine whether security controls remain effective.
D. 它依赖于精心选择的指标和度量。
It relies on carefully chosen metrics and measurements.


26. 如果程序员被限制更新和修改生产代码，这是什么示例?
If a programmer is restricted from updating and modifying production code, what is this an example of?

A. 岗位轮换
Rotation of duties
B. 应尽职责
Due diligence
C. 职责分离
Separation of duties
正确
D. 控制输入值
Controlling input values


27. 下面哪一个最好地描述了职责分离与岗位轮换?
Which of the following best describes separation of duties and job rotation?

A. 职责分离确保多名雇员了解如何执行职位的任务，岗位轮换确保不能仅由一个人独自执行高风险任务。
Separation of duties ensures that more than one employee knows how to perform the tasks of a position, and job rotation ensures that one person cannot perform a high-risk task alone.
B. 职责分离确保不能仅由一个人独自执行高风险任务，而岗位轮换可揭露欺骗并确保不止一人了解职位的任务。
Separation of duties ensures that one person cannot perform a high-risk task alone, and job rotation can uncover fraud and ensure that more than one person knows the tasks of a position.
正确
C. 它们是一样的，只是标题不同。
They are the same thing, but with different titles.
D. 它们是执行访问控制和保护公司资源的管理控制。
They are administrative controls that enforce access control and protect the company&rsquo;s resources.


28. 为什么雇主要强迫雇员休假?
Why should employers make sure employees take their vacations?

A. 他们有法律义务
They have a legal obligation.
B. 它是&ldquo;应尽职责&rdquo;的一部分
It is part of due diligence.
C. 这是揭露欺诈的一种方式
It is a way for fraud to be uncovered.
正确
D. 确保员工不会筋疲力尽
To ensure the employee does not get burnt out.


