1. 使用以下的场景回答3个问题.
Harry正在监督一个团队，该团队必须将不同公司部门提供的各种业务服务整合到一个 Web 门户中，并为内部员工和外部合作伙伴提供服务。他的公司有多种异构的环境，还有提供客户关系管理、库存控制、电子邮件和服务台票务功能的不同系统。他的团队需要允许不同用户以安全方式访问这些不同服务。
Harry is overseeing a team that has to integrate various business services provided by different company departments into one web portal for both internal employees and external partners. His company has a diverse and heterogeneous environment with different types of systems providing customer relationship management, inventory control, e-mail, and help-desk ticketing capabilities. His team needs to allow different users access to these different services in a secure manner.

2. 使用以下的场景回答3个问题。
Tanya正在与公司的内部软件开发团队合作。一个应用程序的用户想要访问位于公司集中服务器上的文件之前，必须提交一个有效的一次性密码，这个密码是通过一个挑战/应答机制生成的。该公司需要加强对这些文件的访问控制，并减少能够访问每个文件的用户数量。该公司期待Tanya和她的团队能找到更好的保护数据的解决方案，这些数据已经被分类并且被认为对公司业务至关重要。Tanya还被要求为所有内部用户实施一项单点登录技术，但她没有实施公共密钥基础设施的预算。
Tanya is working with the company&rsquo;s internal software development team. Before a user of an application can access files located on the company&rsquo;s centralized server, the user must present a valid one-time password, which is generated through a challenge/response mechanism. The company needs to tighten access control for these files and reduce the number of users who can access each and every file. The company is looking to Tanya and her team for solutions to better protect the data that has been classified and deemed critical to the company&rsquo;s missions. Tanya has also been asked to implement a single sign-on technology for all internal users, but she does not have the budget to implement a public key infrastructure.

3. 使用以下场景回答2个问题.
Bobbie是一家需要扩展远程访问功能的公司的安全管理员。员工在世界各地穿行，但仍然需要能够访问公司资产，如数据库、服务器和基于网络的设备。此外，虽然该公司两年前己经有了一个VoIP网路电话解决方案，但还没有集成到一个集中的访问控制解决方案中。目前，网络管理员必须对内部资源、外部实体和VolP终端系统分别进行访问控制。Bobbie还被要求调查CIO秘书收到的一些可疑邮件，她的老板要求她删除一些己经不再用于远程拨号的旧调制解调器。
Robbie is the security administrator of a company that needs to extend its remote access functionality. Employees travel around the world, but still need to be able to gain access to corporate assets such as databases, servers, and network-based devices. Also, while the company has had a VoIP telephony solution in place for two years, it has not been integrated into a centralized access control solution. Currently the network administrators have to maintain access control separately for internal resources, external entities, and VoIP end systems. Robbie has also been asked to look into some suspicious e-mails that the CIO&rsquo;s secretary has been receiving, and her boss has asked her to remove some old modems that are no longer being used for remote dial-in purposes. &nbsp;&nbsp;

4. 使用以下场景回答3个问题.
Lenny是一家零售公司的新任安全经理，该公司正在向合作伙伴和客户扩展橱门的业务功能。该公司的首席执行官希望让合作伙伴的客户能够尽可能轻松地通过公司网络商店购买商品。首席执行官还希望公司的合作伙伴能够更容易地管理公司的库存。首席执行官希望能够全面了解网络流量和活动，他希望从Lenny那里了解应该采取什么类型的技术，以便更主动地阻止恶意的流量进入网络。该公司是一个备受瞩目的实体，一直在处理零日攻击。
Lenny is a new security manager for a retail company that is expanding its functionality to its partners and customers. The company&rsquo;s CEO wants to allow its partners&rsquo; customers to be able to purchase items through the company&rsquo;s web stores as easily as possible. The CEO also wants the company&rsquo;s partners to be able to manage inventory across companies more easily. The CEO wants to be able to understand the network traffic and activities in a holistic manner, and he wants to know from Lenny what type of technology should be put into place to allow for a more proactive approach to stopping malicious traffic if it enters the network. The company is a high-profile entity constantly dealing with zero-day attacks.

5. 使用以下场景回答3个问题.
Tom是一家零售公司的新安全经理，该零售公司目前有一个身份管理系统(IdM)。与当前的IdM软件相比，身份存储中的各种数据更新速度更快，因此一些访问决策是在过时信息的基础上建立的。虽然现有的IdM对内部网络资产进行了集中访问控制，但并没有绑定基于Web的访问控制组件，这些访问控制组件被嵌入到公司的合作伙伴门户中。Tom还注意到，服务台的技术人员在为内部员工重置密码上花了太多时间。
Tom is a new security manager for a retail company, which currently has an identity management system (IdM) in place. The data within the various identity stores updates more quickly than the current IdM software can keep up with, so some access decisions are made based upon obsolete information. While the IdM currently provides centralized access control of internal network assets, it is not tied into the web-based access control components that are embedded within the company&rsquo;s partner portals. Tom also notices that help-desk technicians are spending too much time resetting passwords for internal employees.

6. George负责设置和优化其公司基于行为的IDS阂值。下列哪项概括了不正确地进行这项活动的可能性?
George is responsible for setting and tuning the thresholds for his company&rsquo;s behavior-based IDS. Which of the following outlines the possibilities of not doing this activity properly?

A. 如果阙值设置过低，非侵入性活动会被认为是攻击（误报）。如果阙值设置过高，将无法识别恶意活动（漏报）
If the threshold is set too low, nonintrusive activities are considered attacks (false positives). If the threshold is set too high, malicious activities are not identified (false negatives).
B. 如果阙值设置过低，非侵入性活动会被认为是攻击（漏报）。如果阙值设置过高，将无法识别恶意活动（误报）
If the threshold is set too low, nonintrusive activities are considered attacks (false negatives). If the threshold is set too high, malicious activities are not identified (false positives).
C. 如果阙值设置过高，非侵入性活动会被认为是攻击（误报）。如果阙值设置过低，将无法识别恶意活动（漏报）
If the threshold is set too high, nonintrusive activities are considered attacks (false positives). If the threshold is set too low, malicious activities are not identified (false negatives).
正确
D. 如果阙值设置过高，非侵入性活动会被认为是攻击（误报）。如果阙值设置过高，将无法识别恶意活动（漏报）
If the threshold is set too high, nonintrusive activities are considered attacks (false positives). If the threshold is set too high, malicious activities are not identified (false negatives).


7. 下列哪项具有正确的术语-定义映射?
i.蛮力攻击:利用工具循环组合大量可能的字符、数字和符号来破解密码;
ii.字典攻击:将数千个单词的文件与用户的密码进行比较，直到找到匹配。
iii.社会工程:攻击者虚假地说服一个拥有特定资源必要访问权限的人。
iv.彩虹表:攻击者使用一个表，其中包含散列格式的所有可能的密码。
Which of the following has the correct term-to-definition mapping?
i. Brute-force attacks: Performed with tools that cycle through many possible character, number, and symbol combinations to uncover a password. 
ii. Dictionary attacks: Files of thousands of words are compared to the user&rsquo;s password until a match is found. 
iii. Social engineering: An attacker falsely convinces an individual that she has the necessary authorization to access specific resources. 
iv. Rainbow table: An attacker uses a table that contains all possible passwords already in a hash format.&nbsp;

A. &nbsp;i, ii
&nbsp;i, ii&nbsp;
B. &nbsp;i, ii, iv
&nbsp;i, ii, iv&nbsp;
C. &nbsp;i, ii, iii, iv
&nbsp;i, ii, iii, iv&nbsp;
正确
D. &nbsp;i, ii, iii
&nbsp;i, ii, iii&nbsp;


8. 图5-35的图表说明了下列哪种工作的情况?
The graphic shown here illustrates how which of the following works?


A. 彩虹表
Rainbow tables
B. 字典攻击
Dictionary attack
C. 一次性密码一份
One-time password
正确
D. 强验证
Strong authentication


9. 图5-34解释了下列概念中的哪项?
The diagram shown here explains which of the following concepts?


A. 交叉错误率。
Crossover error rate.&nbsp;
正确
B. III型错误。
Type III errors.
C. 在具有高交叉错误率的系统中，FAR等于FRR。
FAR equals FRR in systems that have a high crossover error rate.
D. 生物识别技术是一项高接受度的技术。
Biometrics is a high acceptance technology.


10. 下图包括以下哪项内容?

This graphic covers which of the following?

A. 交叉错误率
Crossover error rate
B. 身份验证
Identity verification
正确
C. 授权率
Authorization rates
D. 验证错误率
Authentication error rates


11. 以下哪项不被认为是基于异常的入侵防御系统?
Which of the following is not considered an anomaly-based intrusion protection system?

A. 统计异常型
Statistical anomaly&ndash;based
B. 协议异常型
Protocol anomaly&ndash;based
C. 暂时基于异常
Temporal anomaly&ndash;based
正确
D. 流量异常型
Traffic anomaly&ndash;based


12. 允许用户只记住一个密码的技术是什么?
What is the technology that allows a user to remember just one password?

A. 密码生成
Password generation
B. 密码字典
Password dictionaries
C. 密码彩虹表
Password rainbow tables
D. 密码同步
Password synchronization
正确


13. 下面哪个不是使用者权限指派的一部分?
Which of the following is not part of user provisioning?

A. 用户账户的创建和注销
Creation and deactivation of user accounts
B. 业务流程实现
Business process implementation
正确
C. 用户对象及属性的维护和停用
Maintenance and deactivation of user objects and attributes
D. 授权用户管理
Delegating user administration


14. 下列哪项是对身份管理技术中使用目录的最恰当描述?
Which of the following is the best description of directories that are used in identity management technology?

A. 大多数是分级的，并且执行X.500标准
Most are hierarchical and follow the X.500 standard.
正确
B. 大多数具有平坦架构，并且执行X.400标准
Most have a flat architecture and follow the X.400 standard.
C. 大多数己不再使用
LDAP Most have moved away from LDAP.
D. 很多使用
LDAPMany use LDAP.


15. 以下哪项最好地描述了基于角色的访问控制在公司减少管理负担中的贡献?
Which of the following best describes what role-based access control offers companies in reducing administrative burdens?

A. 它允许实体更接近资源，从而决定谁能够询问资源。
It allows entities closer to the resources to make decisions about who can and cannot access resources.&nbsp;
B. 它为访问控制提供了一种集中的方法，从而解放了部门管理人员。
It provides a centralized approach for access control, which frees up department managers.
C. 可以很容易地取消角色的用户成员资格，并根据作业分配情况建立新的成员。
User membership in roles can be easily revoked and new ones established as job assignments dictate.
正确
D. 它强制执行企业范围的安全策略、标准和指导方针。
It enforces enterprise-wide security policies, standards, and guidelines.


16. 是谁或什么决定了一个组织是否要在自主、强制性或非自由支配的访问控制模型下运行?
Who or what determines if an organization is going to operate under a discretionary, mandatory, or nondiscretionary access control model?

A. 管理员
Administrator
B. 安全策略
Security policy
正确
C. 文化
Culture
D. 安全等级
Security levels


17. 生物识别在访问控制中扮演什么角色?
What role does biometrics play in access control?

A. 授权
Authorization
B. 真实性
Authenticity
C. 身份验证
Authentication
正确
D. 可问责
Accountability


18. 在单点登录技术中，下列哪项可能被认为是单点故障?
Which could be considered a single point of failure within a single sign-on implementation?

A. 身份验证服务器
Authentication server
正确
B. 用户工作站
User&rsquo;s workstation
C. 录凭证
Logon credentials
D. RADIUS
RADIUS


19. 在自主访问控制安全性中，谁有权授予数据访问权限?
In discretionary access control security, who has delegation authority to grant access to data?

A. 用户
Use
B. 安全人员
Security officer
C. 安全策略
Security policy
D. 主控者
Owner
正确


20. 双向身份验证的过程包括______。
The process of mutual authentication involves _______________.

A. 对系统进行身份验证的一个用户和对用户进行身份验证的一个系统
a user authenticating to a system and the system authenticating to the user
正确
B. 同时对两个系统进行身份验证的一个用户
a user authenticating to two systems at the same time
C. 对一个服务器和一个进程进行身份验证的一个用户
a user authenticating to a server and then to a process
D. 用户进行身份验证，收到票证然后对服务器进行身份验证
a user authenticating, receiving a ticket, and then authenticating to a service


21. 如果一个公司的人员流动率很高，那么哪一个访问控制架构是最好的?
If a company has a high turnover rate, which access control structure is best?

A. 基于角色
Role-based
正确
B. 分布式
Decentralized
C. 基于规则
Rule-based
D. 自主型
Discretionary


22. 下列哪项不是Kerberos身份验证实现的一部分?
Which item is not part of a Kerberos authentication implementation?

A. 信息验证码
Message authentication code
正确
B. 票证授予服务
Ticket granting service
C. 验证服务
Authentication service
D. 用户、程序和服务
Users, programs, and services


23. 哪些访问控制方法是用户导向的?
Which access control method is considered user-directed?

A. 非自主型
Nondiscretionary
B. 强制型
Mandatory
C. 基于身份型
Identity-based
D. 自主型
Discretionary
正确


24. 如何使用令牌设备实现挑战/响应机制?
How is a challenge/response protocol utilized with token device implementations?

A. 不使用协议，使用密码。
This protocol is not used; cryptography is used.
B. 身份验证服务生成一个挑战，智能令牌生成基于挑战的应答。
An authentication service generates a challenge, and the smart token generates a response based on the challenge.
正确
C. 令牌要求使用者输入用户名和密码。
The token challenges the user for a username and password.
D. 令牌利用数据库存储凭证来挑战用户的密码。
The token challenges the user&rsquo;s password against a database of stored credentials.


25. 下列哪项正确地描述了密码?
Which of the following statements correctly describes passwords?

A. 它们最便宜，最安全。
They are the least expensive and most secure.
B. 它们最昂贵，最不安全。
They are the most expensive and least secure.
C. 它们最便宜，最不安全。
They are the least expensive and least secure.
正确
D. 它们最昂贵，最安全。
They are the most expensive and most secure.


