1. What does nonrepudiation mean?

试题解析：Option D is the definition of nonrepudiation.Option A is a description of confidentiality.Option B is an element of the Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, Durability (ACID) test to ; enhance the utility and security of a database.Option C is a technique to reduce the likelihood of nonrepudiation but not the definition of the term.
A. Prohibiting certain parties from a private conversation
B. Ensuring that a transaction is completed before saving the results
C. Ensuring that someone cannot turn off auditing capabilities while performing a function
D. Preventing any party that participates in a transaction from claiming that it did not
正确


2. If the organization operates in a cloud environment, security operations procedures should include guidance for all of the following audit or logging processes except_____.

试题解析：This is a question that requires some thought. All the answers are processes or elements that should be included in the security operations&#39; procedures except for option B; the cloud customer will not get to select, or probably even know, what tools and devices the cloud provider has put into place, so this will not be included in the customer&#39;s procedures.
A. Definition of security events and incidents
B. The brand or vendor of the cloud provider&#39;s audit or logging tool
正确
C. Process for adding new audit or logging rules
D. Process for filtering out false positives by amending the rule set


3. If the organization operates in a cloud environment, security operations procedures should include specific contact information for all of the following except_____.

试题解析：Once the policies have been published and put into force, the names and contact information of the people who crafted them are no longer useful or germane.
All the other options represent entities that the organization may want to contact in the event of a security incident or breach and so should be included in security procedure documentation.
A. Applicable regulatory entities
B. Federal and local law enforcement
C. The originator or publisher of the governing policy
正确
D. The cloud provider&#39;s security response office


4. What should data archiving and retention policies include?

试题解析：It is important to indicate the data format and media type for long- term storage in order to ensure restoration capability; outdated or obsolete data formats and media may not be useful for restoration of data to the operational environment several years after it has been stored.
Options A and C are not correct because specific names don&#39;t belong at the policy level of governance; the specifc names (or identification credentials) of allowed third-party recipi-ents should be included at the process/procedure level of governance, and a list of offices or departments whose data will be archived can be included in the policy.
Option D is not correct because the particular ISP should not have any bearing on the archiving policy.
A. Names of personnel allowed to receive backup media, if third-party off-site archivingservices are used
B. Explicit statement of data formats and types of storage media
正确
C. A list of personnel whose data will be archived on a regular basis
D. Which Internet service provider (ISP) should be used for backup procedures


5. Data archiving and retention policies should include_____.

试题解析：The policy for data archiving and retention must include guidance on the length of time data is expected to remain stored.&nbsp;
Describing or prescribing the physical specifications of a secure archive facility is probably beyond the responsibility or requirements of a data owner (and belowground storage is not a requirement for archiving and retention), so option B is incorrect.
AIthough it is important to task and train personnel to take part in data restoration from archived data, naming the specific personnel in the policy is not an optimum or useful practice, so option C is incorrect.
Although management is responsible for publishing and promulgating policy and gover-nance, the name of the specific manager is not the essential element (but their office or position is). Regulators don&#39;t personally approve internal policies of the organizations they oversee, so option D is incorrect.
A. How long the data must be kept before destruction
正确
B. The depth of underground storage bunkers used for archiving
C. The names of specific personnel tasked with restoring data in the event of data loss in the operational environment
D. The name(s) of regulators approving the policy


6. Who is responsible for performing archiving activities in a managed cloud environment?

试题解析：Many cloud providers will offer archiving services as a feature of the basic cloud service; realistically, most providers are already performing this function to avoid inadvertent loss of customer data, so marketing it is a logical step. However, because the customer is ultimately responsible for the data, the customer may elect to use another, or an additional, archive method. The contract will stipulate specific terms, such as archive size, duration, and so on.
Either the cloud customer or provider (or both) may perform archiving, depending on the contract terms, S0 options A and B are incorrect.
Regulators do not perform archiving; option C is incorrect.
A. The cloud customer
B. The cloud provider
C. The customer&#39;s regulator
D. Depends on the contract
正确


7. In addition to having it for business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR) purposes,data archiving might also be useful for ______.

试题解析：Archiving may be required by regulation, and archived versions of the environment or data may be used to create deliverables for auditors, especially if the archive included event logs.
Archived data is not an optimum gauge of performance because it is not&ldquo;live&rdquo;data- -that is, the archived data is no longer in the operational environment and so is not a useful indicator of how well that environment currently operates. Option B is therefore incorrect.
Archiving has nothing to do with investment; option C is incorrect.
Archiving may occur as the result of policy but is not an enforcement tool; thus, option D is incorrect.
A. Compliance/audit
正确
B. Monitoring performance
C. Gathering investment
D. Enforcing policy


8. In addition to having it for business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR) purposes,data archiving might also be useful for______.

试题解析：An archived data set could be useful for investigative purposes, especially if it covers a significant period of time and includes multiple copies. The archived versions may be used&nbsp;as a reference to determine when a certain malicious activity occurred, which is useful during an investigation.
All the ot her answers are incorrect; archiving does not aid in these functions.
A. Team building and morale
B. Forensic investigation
正确
C. Choosing security controls
D. Enhancing quality


9. In addition to having it for business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR) purposes, data archiving might also be useful for ______.

试题解析：If users inadvertently erase or modify data, an archived backup copy could be useful for restoring the original, correct version.
All the ot her answers are incorrect; archiving does none of those things.
A. Ensuring profitability
B. Increasing performance
C. Motivating users
D. Correcting accidental errors
正确


10. Crypto-shredding requires at least__ cryptosystem(s).

试题解析：The proper procedure for crypto-shredding requires two cryptosystems: one to encrypt the target data, the other to encrypt the resulting data encryption keys.
All the other answers are wrong and just distractors.
A. One
B. Two
正确
C. Three
D. Four


11. Which of the following might make crypto-shredding difficult or useless?

试题解析：Crypto-shredding relies on the eventual destruction of the final keys; if keys are not under the management of the customer, they may be replicated or difficult to dispose of.
The lack of physical access to the cloud environment should not affect the crypto-shred-ding process, so option B is incorrect.
External attackers should not affect the crypto-shredding process, so option C is incorrect.
Crypto-shredding should not require input or activity from users, so option D is incorrect.
A. The cloud provider also managing the organization&#39;s keys
正确
B. Lack of physical access to the environment
C. External attackers
D. Lack of user training and awareness


12. All of the following are reasons overwriting is not a viable secure sanitization method for data stored in the cloud except______.

试题解析：Regulators do not disapprove of secure sanitization; it is an acceptable form of secure data destruction if implemented properly.
All the other answers are actual reasons overwriting is not a viable secure sanitization method in the cloud.
A. Overwriting an entire storage resource would affect other tenants&#39; data
B. Regulators usually frown on the practice
正确
C. Locating the specific storage locations of cloud data is almost impossible
D. Data is being backed constantly in the cloud; before you finished overwriting an entire data set, it would have been replicated elsewhere


13. Is overwriting a feasible secure sanitization method in the cloud?

试题解析：Overwriting is the practice of filling the entire storage of the target data with randomized characters (usually involving multiple passes and a final pass with a single, repeated character). In the cloud, this is untenable for many reasons, including the fact that cloud data is constantly moving from one storage resource to another and is not kept in a single, identifiable logical location for an extended period of time (which is actually a security benefit). Without you knowing which storage resources to overwrite, over writing is impossible.
All the other options are only distractors. Options A and C describe elements of the over-riting process but not reasons why it&#39;s challenging in the cloud. Option B is true, but overwriting does not require physical access, so the option is incorrect.
A. Yes, but only if you use multiple passes.
B. No, because you can&#39;t get physical access to cloud storage resources.
C. Yes, but it requires a final pass with all zeros or ones.
D. No, because the logical location of the stored data is almost impossible to determine.
正确


14. Aside from the fact that the cloud customer probably cannot reach the physical storage assets of the cloud provider and that wiping an entire storage space would impact other customers, why would degaussing probably not be an effective means of secure sanitization in the cloud?

试题解析：Cloud data storage likely uses solid-state drives (or disks), which are not affected by degaussing because they don&#39;t use magnetic properties to store data.
Option A is incorrect because it is untrue. A gauss is a unit of magnetism. Not all data storage devices in the cloud are magnetic. Some storage space does not require magnetism to work. Solid State Drives (SSDs) are an example of a type of storage space that does not rely on magnetism to store data.
Federal law does not prohibit degassing of magnetic media in the United States so option C is incorrect.
Option D is incorrect because process of degaussing magnetic media does not produce a blast and therefore it does not produce a blast radius.
A. All the data storage space in the cloud is already gaussed.
B. Cloud data storage may not be affected by degaussing.
正确
C. Federal law prohibits it in the United States.
D. The blast radius is too wide.


15. Which of the following is the best and only completely secure method of data destruction?

试题解析：Destroying the drive, disk, and media where the data resides is the only true, complete method of data destruction.
Options A and B are also good methods for data destruction, but neither is the best method.
Option D is incorrect because a legal order is not a secure method of data destruction and therefore it cannot be the correct answer.
A. Degaussing
B. Crypto-shredding
C. Physical destruction of resources that store the data
正确
D. Legal order issued by the prevailing jurisdiction where the data is geographically situated


16. Data destruction in the cloud is difficult because_______.

试题解析：Secure sanitization would affect storage resources where more than one customer stores their data; truly secure destructive measures would likely result in destroying data belonging to someone else.
Law enforcement can destroy their own data, however, law enforcement is not permitted to destroy data that belongs to other individuals. Option A is therefore incorrect.
Option B is incorrect because data destruction is required from time to time in the cloud as part of system maintenance.
Fortunately, option C is incorrect. If data renewed itself automatically in the cloud then cloud providers would eventually run out of storage space.
A. Only law enforcement is permitted to destroy cloud data
B. The largest cloud vendors have prevented customers from destroying data
C. Cloud data renews itself automatically
D. The cloud is often a multitenant environment
正确


17. Data destruction in the cloud is difficult because______.

试题解析：One of the benefits of using managed cloud services is that most providers are constantly performing backup and preservation activities in order to ensure that customers do not lose data. This can make it complicated for customers to even locate all their stored data, much less permanently destroy it.
Delete commands are certainly allowed in the cloud. Otherwise, cloud providers would eventually run out of storage space. Option B is incorrect.
Option C is incorrect because ISPs do not have the authority to prohibit the destruction of data by data owners.
It may be unclear who the&ldquo;end client&quot; is in option D. If the end client is the individual, then it does not make sense that the individual would prohibit the destruction of data by the cloud provider, given that the cloud provider owns the hardware itself.
A. Data in the cloud is constantly being replicated and backed up
正确
B. Delete commands are prohibited in the cloud
C. Internet service providers (ISPs) will not allow destruction of data stored in the cloud
D. The end clients may prevent it


18. Data destruction in the cloud is difficult because_____.

试题解析：The preferred methods of secure sanitization require physical access to (and control of) the hardware on which the data is stored; in the cloud, this belongs to the cloud provider, and the cloud customer will not be allowed to perform destructive procedures.
Options A, B, and D are incorrect because the question is about the diffIculty of perform-ing data destruction in the cloud computing environment. Often, the only reliable form of data destruction is to destroy the hardware where it is stored. None of these options address that quest ion the way that option C does
A. Cloud data doesn&#39;t have substance
B. Regulations prevent it
C. The hardware belongs to the provider
正确
D. Most of the data is subterranean


19. Why is deleting a file or object insufficient for secure sanitization purposes?

试题解析：Deletion, using basic system assets (usually the operating system), mainly involves removing pointers to and addresses of the files or objects that are the targets of deletion.
This leaves the raw data remaining on the storage resource, and it could be recovered later.
Options A and B both include secure destruction methods, but they are not exclusive (obviously, because there are two of them), so therefore they are untrue and also incorrect. Option D does not make practical sense; if users could not delete files/objects, common workplace activity would become burdensome and difficult.
A. Drives and disks must be demagnetized for true secure destruction.
B. Physical destruction is the only acceptable method of secure sanitization.
C. Deletion usually only removes pointers or indicators of file location.
正确
D. Only administrators should be allowed to delete files or objects.


20. The goals of secure sanitization (or &ldquo;data destruction&quot;) include all of the following except_____.

试题解析：Secure sanitization is intended to ensure that there is no possible way for the data to be recovered; a backup copy would defeat the entire purpose.
All the other answers are goals of secure sanitization.
A. Removing data objects or files
B. Minimizing or eliminating data remanence
C. Removing pointers and metadata about specific files or objects
D. Creating a secure, archived copy for business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR) purposes
正确


21. In general, all policies within an organization should include each of the following elements except_____.

试题解析：Not all policies are temporary or have expected durations; usually, policy is an enduring piece of governance that will continue until such time as it is revoked.
All the other options are elements that should usually be included in policies.
A. The date on which the policy will expire
正确
B. The assignment of an entity to review the applicability of the possibility occasionally
C. The assignment of an entity to monitor and maintain the process described in the policy
D. A list of the laws, regulations, practices, and/or standards that drove the creation of the policy


22. _________is the practice of taking data out of the production environment and putting it into long term storage.

试题解析：The question states the definition of archiving.
Deletion involves using the operating system or an application to obscure the location of an object or file, so option A is wrong.
Crypto-shredding is a secure sanitization technique using cryptographic techniques, so option C is wrong.
Storing is a general term covering all retention of data, so option B is a better answer than option D.
A. Deletion
B. Archiving
正确
C. Crypto-shredding
D. Storing


23. In a data retention policy, what is perhaps the most crucial element?

试题解析：This is not an easy question and requires some interpretation and abstract thought.
All of the elements listed are extremely important aspects of the data retention policy.
However, using proper data retrieval procedures is the one without which all the others may become superfluous. An organization can perform thorough backups in a timely manner and secure them properly at an excellent location, but if those backups can&#39;t be used to restore the operational environment, they are point less.
All the other options are important, but option D is probably the most important.
A. Location of the data archive
B. Frequency of backups
C. Security controls in long term storage
D. Data recovery procedures
正确


24. Digital rights management (DRM) tools should enforce_____, which is interoperability with the organization&#39;s other access control activities.

试题解析：The question describes support for existing authentication security infrastructure,one of the required traits for a DRM solution of any quality.
All the other answers are traits that should be included in DRM solutions but do not match the definition in the question, so they are incorrect.
A. Persistence
B. Support for existing authentication security infrastructure
正确
C. Continuous audit trail
D. Dynamic policy control


25. Digital rights management (DRM) tools should enforce______, which is the revocation of access based on time.

试题解析：The quest ion describes automatic expiration, one of the required traits for a DRM solution of any quality.
All the other answers are traits that should be included in DR M solutions but do not match the definition in the question, so they are incorrect.
A. Persistence
B. Disabling screencap capabilities
C. Automatic expiration
正确
D. Dynamic policy control


26. Digital rights management (DRM) tools should enforce____, which is the capability to revoke access based on the decision of the object owner or an administrator action.

试题解析：The quest ion describes dynamic policy control, one of the required traits for a DRM&nbsp;solution of any quality.&nbsp;
All the other answers are traits that should be included in DR M solutions but do not match the definition in the question, so they are incorrect.
A. Integration with email filtering engines
B. Disabling screencap capabilities
C. Continuous audit trail
D. Dynamic policy control
正确


27. Digital rights management (DRM) tools should enforce_____, which is the practice of capturing all relevant system events.

试题解析：Capturing all relevant system events is the definition of a continuous audit trail, one of the required traits for a DRM solution of any quality.
All the other answers are traits that should be included in DR M solutions but do not match the definition in the question, so they are incorrect.
A. Continuous audit trail
正确
B. Limiting printing output
C. Persistence
D. Automatic expiration


28. Digital rights management (DRM) tools should enforce_____,which is the characteristic of access rights following the object, in whatever form or location it might be or move to.

试题解析：Access rights following the object in whatever form or location it might be or move to is the definition of persistence, one of the required traits for a DRM solution of any quality.
All the other answers are traits that should be included in DRM solutions but do not match the definition in the question, so they are incorrect.
A. Continuous audit trail
B. Limiting printing output
C. Persistence
正确
D. Automatic expiration


29. Digital rights management (DRM) tools can be combined with_____to enhance security capabilities.

试题解析：DRM and DLP work well to address complementary security issues- namely, asset classification/categorization and discovery, along ith access and dissemination of those assets.
RIS is a made-up term, so option A is not correct.
Adjusting BIOS settings is not particularly relevant to DRM in any way, so option C is incorrect.
TEMPEST is a program for harvesting data from electromagnetic emanations, so option D is not correct.
A. Roaming identity services (RIS)
B. Egress monitoring solutions (DLP)
正确
C. Internal hardware settings (BIOS)
D. The TEMPEST program


30. DRM requires that every data resource be provisioned with_____.

试题解析：For DR M to work properly, each resource needs to be outfitted with an access policy so that only authorized entities may make use of that resource.
All the other answers are distractors.
A. A tracking device
B. An access policy
正确
C. A hardware security module (HSM)
D. A biometric system


31. The Cloud Security Alliance Cloud Controls Matrix (CSA CCM) addresses all the following security architecture elements except_____.

试题解析：The CSA CCM does not deal with whether security controls are feasible or correct from a business perspective, only whether they are applicable to an organization under certain regulations.
All the other answers are incorrect because they are too specific and not required by any regulation/legislation. Therefore, options A, C, and D are poor choices and also incorrect answers.
A. Physical security
B. Infrastructure as a service (laaS)
C. Application security
D. Business drivers
正确


32. Deploying digital rights management (DRM) tools in a bring-your-own device (BYOD) environment will require_____.

试题解析：In a BYOD environment, users might bring any number of devices/operating systems to the network, and any DR M solution selected for the purpose must interact well with all of them.
The organization cannot dictate specific packages in a BYOD environment- -otherwise it is not BYOD---so option A is incorrect.
Turnstiles are for physical access control and have no bearing on BYOD or DRM, so option C is incorrect.
BYOD and DRM should have no effect on BC/DR vendors (or the numbers thereof), and vice versa, so option D is incorrect.
A. A uniform browser installation
B. Platform agnostic solutions
正确
C. Turnstiles
D. A secondary business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR) vendor


33. Deploying digital rights management (DRM) tools in a bring your-own-device (BYOD) environment will require______.

试题解析：Deploying DRM usually requires installing a local agent on each device intended for use in that environment; with B YOD, that means getting all users to agree and install that agent because they own the devices.
DRM is an enhanced security protocol, so option B is incorrect.
The cloud is not specifically necessary for DR M implementations, even in BYOD environ-ments, so option C is incorrect.
Any DRM solution involving a BY OD environment must be suit able for all devices, not just a certain selection, because the organization can&#39;t easily mandate which devices are used (otherwise, it&#39;s not BYOD). Option D is incorrect.
A. User consent and action
正确
B. Enhanced security protocols
C. Use of the cloud
D. Newer, upgraded devices


34. Digital rights management (DRM) tools might be used to protect all the following assets except _______.

试题解析：DRM solutions are mainly designed to protect intellectual property assets (and mainly those covered by copyright, hence the name), but they can also be used to provide enhanced protection to other electronic information. All the other options are forms of electronic information, while option A is a piece of hardware; DRM does not enhance hardware security, so this is the correct answer.
A. A trusted device
正确
B. Proprietary software
C. Medical records
D. Financial data


35. The Cloud Security Alliance Cloud Controls Matrix (CSA CCM) lists security controls from all the following laws except_____.

试题解析：The DMCA deals with intellectual property and not specifically with personal privacy.It is not included in the CSA CCM.
All the other answers are laws that are included in the CSA CCM and are therefore not correct answers for this question.
A. Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
B. Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
C. Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA)
D. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)
正确


36. The Cloud Security Alliance Cloud Controls Matrix (CSA CCM) lists security controls from all the following frameworks except______.

试题解析：The CMM is not included in the CSA CCM and, indeed, is not even a security framework.
All the other options are included in the CSA CCM and are therefore not correct answers for this question.
A. ISACA&#39;s Control Objectives for Information and Related Technology (COBIT)
B. Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS)
C. The Capability Maturity Model (CMM)
正确
D. International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27001


37. The Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) has developed a model for cloud privacy frameworks called the Privacy Level Agreement (PLA). Why might a cloud service provider be reluctant to issue or adhere to a PLA?

试题解析：Under current laws and regulations, ultimate liability for the security of privacy data rests on the data cont roller-- that is, the cloud customer. A PLA would require the cloud provider to document expectations for the cloud customer s data security, which would be an explicit admission of liability. There is little motivation for cloud providers to take on this additional liability (and the costs associated with it) with no mandate or market force pushing them to do so.
Option A is wrong because the provider&#39;s liability is already limited under current legal schemes; the PLA would not enhance that limitation.
Options C and D are wrong because agreements (as contracts) are both binding and enforceable, and even if they were not, those are not reasons.
A. A PLA might limit the provider&#39;s liability.
B. A PLA would force the provider to accept more liability.
正确
C. A PLA is nonbinding.
D. A PLA is not enforceable.


38. European Union (EU) personal privacy protections include the right to be____.

试题解析：The right to be forgotten is the EU&#39;s codification of an individual&#39;s right to have any data store containing theitr own personal data purged of all personally identifiable information (PI). There are, of course, some obvious exceptions (such as law enforcement databases).
The other answers are not as accurate;&ldquo;the right to be forgotten&quot; is a very well-known and important aspect of the GDPR.
A. Secure
B. Delivered
C. Forgotten
正确
D. Protected


39. If your organization collects/creates privacy data associated with European Union (EU) citizens and you operate in the cloud, you must prevent your provider from storing/moving/processing that data where?

试题解析：The EU regulations associated with personally identifiable information (PI) belonging to EU citizens prohibit that data to be utilized in any way in any country that does nothave a national privacy law commensurate with the EU regulations. Of this list, only theUnited States has no such law. Indeed, the EU regulations might very well be taken to beaimed directly at the United States, and probably for good reason; the United States has not proven to be a good steward of or even recognize the importance of personal privacy.
A. Argentina
B. The United States
正确
C. Japan
D. Israel


40. The European Union (EU), with its implementation of privacy directives and regulations,treats individual privacy as_____.

试题解析：The EU is probably at the forefront of global efforts to sanctify and enshrine personal privacy; the current statutes and precedents based on court decisions have clearly denoted Europe&#39;s intent to treat individual privacy as a human right.
Options A and D are simply incorrect.
It is very possible to consider option C as correct because European businesses are held to strict standards regarding the privacy data under their control. However, option B has more significance and is more general, so it is the proper selection among this list.
A. A passing fad
B. A human right
正确
C. A legal obligation
D. A business expense


41. In protections afforded to personally identifiable information (PI) under the U.S. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), the subject must_____in order to prevent the vendor from sharing their personal data.

试题解析：Under GLBA, financial and insurance vendors are allowed to share account holders&#39;personal data with other entities (including other businesses owned by the same vendor) unless the account holder explicitly states, in writing, that the vendor is not allowed to do so. The vendor is required to provide a form for opting out of data sharing when the account holder creates the account and annually every subsequent year.
Option A is incorrect; under GLBA, the default situation allows banks and insurance pro-viders (owned by the same entity) to share customer data- -the customer must opt out of this arrangement if the customer doesn&#39;t want information shared.
Options C and D are incorrect because they do not relate to the sharing of PII data by a bank or insurer.
A. Opt in
B. Opt out
正确
C. Undergo screening
D. Provide a biometric template


42. &nbsp;In protections afforded to personally identifiable information (PII) under the U.S. Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), the subject must______in order to allow the vendor to share their personal data.

试题解析：Under HIPAA, the subject must opt in to information sharing- -that is, the subject (the patient) must explicitly state, in writing and with a signature, who the vendor is allowed to share personal information with, such as family members, spouses, parents, and children. (Under HIPAA, this personal information is referred to as electronic private health information [ePHI]) The vendor is prohibited from sharing the patient&#39;s data with anyone else.
Under HIPAA, the patient does not have to opt out of information sharing; the default situation is to not share patient data. Option B is incorrect.
HIPAA does not require any kind of screening or template, so Options C and D are incorrect.
A. Opt in
正确
B. Opt out
C. Undergo screening
D. Provide a biometric template


43. Which of the following countries does not have a national privacy law that concerns personally identifiable information (PII) and applies to all entities?

试题解析：The United States has some federal PII laws that apply to specific sectors (the government itself [Privacy Act], medical providers [Health Infor mat ion Portability and Account ability Act], financial and insurance vendors [Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, etc.), but not a single, overarching federal law that addresses PII in a uniform, nationwide manner.
All the other options list countries that have such laws, and those options are therefore incorrect.
A. Argentina
B. The United States
正确
C. Italy
D. Australia


44. In a personally identifiable information (PII) context, which of the following is not normally considered&ldquo;processing&quot;?

试题解析：This is not a simple question, and it requires a bit of insight into uses of data. The most suitable answer here is&ldquo;viewing,&quot; as it is entirely passive; the viewer is not performing any action on the data.&ldquo;Processing,&quot; in a PII context, is any manipulation of the data, to include securing or destroying it, in electronic or hard-copy form. In a&ldquo;viewing&quot; action, the processor would be displaying the data to the viewer, while the viewer is only receiving it, not storing it or using it. Note that the answer did not involve&ldquo;using,&quot; which definitely would be a processing action.
All the other answers are examples of processing and therefore not correct.
A. Storing
B. Viewing
正确
C. Destroying
D. Printing


45. In a personally identifiable information (PII) context, who is the controller?

试题解析：In a PII context, the controller is the entity that creates/collects, owns, or manages the data- -that is, the data owner. In a managed cloud service arrangement, that would be the cloud customer.
Options B, C, and D are all incorrect. The cloud provider is the entity that processes the PII data. The regulator ensures that the PII is protected properly and the individual is the data subject.
A. The cloud customer
正确
B. The cloud provider
C. The regulator
D. The individual


46. In a personally identifiable information (PII) context, who is the processor?

试题解析：Ina PII context, the processor is any entity that processes data on behalf or at the behest of the data owner. In the case of most managed cloud service arrangements, that will be the cloud service provider. (The cloud customer may also process its own data, but the customer is the data owner/controller.)
Options A, C, and D are all incorrect. The cloud customer provides the subject&#39;s PII to the cloud provider for processing. The regulator ensures that the PII is protected properly and the individual is the data subject. So, options A, C, and D are incorrect answers.
A. The cloud customer
B. The cloud provider
正确
C. The regulator
D. The individual


47. In a personally identifiable information (PII) context, who is the subject?

试题解析：The subject is the human being to whom the PII applies.
The other answers are not data subjects, and are therefore incorrect.
A. The cloud customer
B. The cloud provider
C. The regulator
D. The individual
正确


48. Who is ultimately responsible for a data breach that includes personally identifiable information (PII), in the event of negligence on the part of the cloud provider?

试题解析：The cloud customer, as the PII data owner, is ultimately legally responsible for all losses of PII data. The customer may be able to recoup some of the costs of damages related to the breach by placing financial liability on the provider through the use of strong contract terms and conditions, but all legal responsibility fa Is on the customer, in all cases.
The other options are parties that may have some partial or contributory responsibility for the breach (especially, in this case, the provider, who was negligent), but the ultimate responsibility lies with the customer.
A. The user
B. The subject
C. The cloud provider
D. The cloud customer
正确


49. Data transformation in a cloud environment should be of great concern to organizations considering cloud migration because_______ could affect data classification processes and implementations.

试题解析：Data transforming from raw objects to virtualized instances to snapshotted images back into virtualized instances and then back out to users in the form of raw data may a fect the organization&#39;s current classification methodology; classification techniques and tools that were suitable for the traditional IT environment might not withstand the standard cloud environment. This should be a factor of how the organization considers and perceives the risk of cloud migration.
Multitenancy should be a consideration of cloud migration for the potential risks of data leakage and disclosure but not because of data transformation. Option A is not correct.
Remote access and physical distance should not include aspects of data transformation that are not already considered in the traditional IT environment, so options C and D are incorrect.
A. Multitenancy
B. Virtualization
正确
C. Remote access
D. Physical distance


50. Proper______need(s) to be assigned to each data classification/category.

试题解析：The purposes of classifying/categorizing data is to create proper associated control sets for each data type and aid the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of applying those controls to that data.
While dollar value may be a good metric for assessing data type in many organizations, it is not the only such trait, and not for all organizations; option C is still a better answer, so A is wrong.
Metadata may or may not be used in a classification/categorization scheme; option B is incorrect.
Policies are not assigned to data types; a policy will dict ate how data classifications/cat-egories are assigned to data. Option D is incorrect.
A. Dollar values
B. Metadata
C. Security controls
正确
D. Policies


51. Data may need to be reclassified for all the following reasons except______.

试题解析：Color is unlikely to be a characteristic for which data is classified, much less reclassified. Although some exceptions might exist (mot ion picture production, satellite imagery, paint vendors, etc.), those would be far from the norm, and the other answers are much more general cases and would apply to many more organizations. Therefore, color is the correct answer (in the negative), and the rest are incorrect (because they are true).
A. Color change
正确
B. Time
C. Repurposing
D. Transfer of ownership


52. Data classification can be______or______.

试题解析：An organization could implement an automated tool that assigns labels based on certain criteria (location of the source of the data, time, creator, content, etc.), much like metadata, or the organization could require that data creators/col lectors assign labels when the data is first created/collected, according to a policy that includes discrete, objective classification guidance.
Option A is incorrect because even though the word pair may seem pretty technical, together they are meaningless with respect to data classification.
It may be true that data classification can be correct or incorrect, however, option C is not as good of an answer as option B. The goal for the data owner is to correctly classify the data and not to incorrectly classify the data. So, option C is incorrect.
It is difficult to imagine data classification that only takes place at a certain time of day.
Therefore, it is not likely to be the correct answer and certainly option D is not as good an answer as option B.
A. Inverse or obverse
B. Automatic or manual
正确
C. Correct or incorrect
D. Diurnal or nocturnal


53. Classification is usually considered a facet of data______.

试题解析：This is another difficult question. Classification of data is an element of labeling, insofar as labeling is the grouping of data into discrete categories and types. Labels must be affixed to objects and data sets in accordance with an overall policy that lists objective criteria to guide the data owner(s) in a signing the appropriate label;this is a form of classification.
Option A might be considered apt, as labeling and classification fall generally under the auspices of&ldquo;security,&quot; but option B is more specific and therefore correct.
Classification is not considered a facet of data control or data markup. Therefore, options C and D are incorrect.
A. Security
B. Labeling
正确
C. Control
D. Markup


54. &nbsp;An organization&#39;s data classification scheme must include which of the following ategories?

试题解析：This is a difficult, and somewhat tricky, question. Each organization has to decide, for itself, how to classify its own data. With that said, many factors bear on this determination: external regulations and drivers, the type of industry in which the organization operates, and So forth. But the kinds of data the organization uses, and how that data is sorted, will differ for every organization, and each must make its own determination on how to best sort that data.
All the other answers are factors that an organization might consider when creating a clas-sification scheme, but they are not mandatory for every organization. Option D is still the best answer for this question.
A. File size
B. Origin of the data
C. Sensitivity of the data
D. Whatever the data owner decides
正确


55. Who will determine data classifications for the cloud customer?

试题解析：This is a difficult quest ion and requires insight on the practice of classifying data and a good understanding of the material. While the determination of what sorts of data need to be protected may come from external sources (laws, standards, regulations, etc.), the classification of data for each data owner/cloud customer will be specific to that entity.
Therefore, the cloud customer will have to impose data classification schema on itself and its own data.
The other answers represent external entities, some of whom might require that certain information be handled with a certain duty or care (such as Payment Card Industry [PCI] mandates for cardholder information). However, these entities will not impose a classifi-cation scheme on the data owner or cloud customer; that responsibility falls on the data owner or cloud customer to do for itself and the data under its control.
A. The cloud provider
B. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
C. Regulators
D. The cloud customer
正确


56. Where should the cloud provider&#39;s data discovery requirements be listed?

试题解析：The cloud customer will have to determine which levels of performance/responsibilities on the part of the provider will be necessary to meet the customer&#39;s needs for data discovery. These should be codified in the contract/service-level agreement (SLA).
The other answers are general regulations and standards; they will not contain specific guidance for every customer&#39;s needs and are only distractors.
A. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP)800-53
B. Applicable laws and regulations
C. Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS)
D. The managed services contract and SLA
正确


57. Cloud customers performing data discovery efforts will have to ensure that the cloud provider attends to all of the following requirements except_____.

试题解析：Label assignment is a task of the data owner- -the cloud customer, not the provider.
All the other answers are requirements for the cloud provider to meet the data discovery needs of the customer and should be negotiated before migration.
A. Allowing sufficient access to large volumes of data
B. Preserving metadata tags
C. Assigning labels
正确
D. Preserving and maintaining the data


58. Which of these is most likely to have the greatest negative impact on data discovery effort?

试题解析：A data discovery effort can only be as effective as the veracity and quality of the data it addresses. Bad data will result in ineffective data discovery.
All the other answers do not impact data discovery efforts and are only distractors. (Poor bandwidth might slow down data discovery, but it won&#39;t have true negative impact, so option D is still better.)
A. Bandwidth latency issues
B. Poor physical security of the data center
C. Severe statutory regulation
D. Inaccurate or incomplete data
正确


59. What is the risk to the organization posed by dashboards that display data discovery results?

试题解析：Because dashboards are often used for management purposes (graphical representations of technical data), management pressures often result in skewed data dashboarding (&quot;*no red!&quot;), which can lead to the &quot;data&rdquo;being used for fallacious decisions.
All the other answers are not affected by dashboarding at all and are incorrect.
A. Increased chance of external penetration
B. Flawed management decisions based on edited displays
正确
C. Higher likelihood of inadvertent disclosure
D. Raised incidence of physical theft


60. All of the following might be used as data discovery characteristics in a content analysis-based data discovery effort except______.

试题解析：Inheritance has not hing to do with content analysis; it is usually referring to object-oriented traits derived from originating objects.
All the other answers are characteristics of content that can be used in content-analysis methods of data discovery.
A. Keywords
B. Pattern matching
C. Frequency
D. Inheritance
正确


61. Which of the following tools might be useful in data discovery efforts that are based on content analysis?

试题解析：Egress monitoring tools (often referred to as DLP) are specifically designed to seek out and identify data sets based on content; this is part of how they operate. They can be used for or in conjunction with content-based data discovery efforts.
Digital rights management (DR M) is an additional access control solution for objects, so option B is incorrect.
Internet Small Computer System Interface (iSCSI) allows storage controller commands to be sent over a Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) network and has nothing to do with data discovery; thus, option C is incorrect.
Fibre Channel over Ethernet (FCoE) is a standard for approaching fiber-media speeds of data transfer on an Ethernet network; it has nothing to do with data discovery, so option D is incorrect.
A. Egress monitoring solutions
正确
B. Digital rights management (DRM)
C. iSCSI
D. Fibre Channel over Ethernet (FCoE)


62. When data labels are being used in an environment (for discovery and other purposes),when should the labels be applied?

试题解析：For the most efficient classification/categorization process, and to streamline the application of proper controls, data labeling should be performed when the data is first being collected/created.
Options A and B are incorrect because they are not part of a data labeling process.
Option D is incorrect because the discovery tools need to have the data labeled to work properly.
A. During the risk assessment
B. As part of the business impact analysis (BIA)
C. At cllction/creation
正确
D. When the discovery tools are implemented


63. When labeling is used as a data discovery technique, who should be applying the labels?

试题解析：The data owners, presumably the personnel closest to and most familiar with the data,should be the ones labeling it.
The other answers are incorrect because they are not the data owners.
A. The security office
B. Users
C. Data owners
正确
D. Regulators


64. Which of the following data discovery techniques involves using extra information automatically appended/included with the intended data when the data is created?

试题解析：This is the definition of metadata: data about data, usually created by systems (hardware and/or software) when the data is captured/collected.
Options B and C are also data discovery techniques, but not involving metadata.
Data hover is a made up term and is therefore, not a data discovery technique, so option D is incorrect.
A. Metadata
正确
B. Labels
C. Content analysis
D. Data hover


65. Which of the following is not a data discovery technique?

试题解析：Data hover is a made up term which is not a data discovery technique. All the other answers are actual data discover y techniques.
A. Metadata
B. Labels
C. Content analysis
D. Data hover
正确


66. Which of the following is a data discovery approach that offers insight to trends of trends, using both historical and predictive approaches?

试题解析：The Agile approach to data analysis offers greater insight and capabilities than previous generations of analytical technologies.
Options B and C are other data discovery technologies, but neither is the correct answer.
Option A is incorrect because obverse polyglotism is just a made up term that does not have any relevance as an answer to the question.
A. Obverse polyglotism
B. Big data
C. Real-time analytics
D. Agile analytics/business intelligence
正确


67. Which of the following is a data discovery approach used by e-commerce retailers to discern and predict shoppers&#39; needs?

试题解析：Real-time analytics allows for re active and predictive operations (such as recommending other, related products) based on customers&#39; current and past shopping behavior.
All the other answers are data discovery approaches but not used for this particular appli-cation (options C and D are two names for the same thing).
A. Big data
B. Real-time analytics
正确
C. Agile analytics
D. Agile business intelligence


68. Which of the following is a theoretical technology that is intended to allow encrypted material to be processed and manipulated without decrypting it first?

试题解析：This is the definition of homomorphic encryption.
All the other answers are incorrect.
A. Inverse postulation
B. Homomorphic encryption
正确
C. Didactic alignment
D. Obverse reinstantiation


69. Which of the following is a possible negative aspect of bit-splitting?

试题解析：Ironically, data dispersion can lead to some additional risk of loss of availability, depending on the met hod/breadth of the dispersion. If the data is spread across multiple cloud providers, there is a possibility that an outage at one provider will make the data set unavailable to users, regardless of location. However, there are methods for attenuating this threat, and bit-splitting usually provides greater availability of data over traditional storage without dispersion.
Data dispersion should have no effect on physical theft risks and would actually serve to minimize the opportunity for an attacker to acquire useful sensitive data as the data would be on several geographically disparate devices. Option A is incorrect.
Bi-splitting should have no effect on public image whatsoever; option B is incorrect.
Bit-splitting does not have an attendant fire risk; option D is incorrect.
A. Greater chance of physical theft of assets
B. Loss of public image
C. Some risk to availability, depending on the implementation
正确
D. A small fire hazard


70. Which of the following is a possible negative aspect of bit-splitting?

试题解析：This is not a simple question and requires the reader to think through the situation suggested by each answer. Option A is correct because the data owner may opt to perform bit- splitting across multiple cloud services to enhance security (not all the&ldquo;eggs&quot; will be in one&ldquo;basket&quot;). When this is the case, the data owner will have additional dependencies: all the vendors involved in storing the various data elements.
There should be no additional management concern; if bit- spitting is not compliant with the data owner&#39;s policy, it won&#39;t be adopted. Option B is incorrect.
Bit-splitting implement at ions should be transparent to users; option C is incorrect.
There are plenty of vendors offering bit-splitting solutions; option D is incorrect.
A. It may require trust in additional third parties beyond the primary cloud service provider.
正确
B. There may be cause for management concern that the technology will violate internal policy.
C. Users will have far greater difficulty understanding the implementation.
D. Limited vendors make acquisition and support challenging.


71. Which of the following is a possible negative aspect of bit-splitting?

试题解析：Bit-splitting, as with many security methods/technologies, caries a significantly greater overhead than data sets that don&#39;t use this method. Bit-splitting, in particular, takes an extensive amount of processing to perform.
Bit- splitting should make a data set more secure and decrease the chance of unauthorized access, so options A and B are incorrect.
It is unlikely that bit-splitting would violate regulatory standards; even if that were to be the case, it is always true that bit-splitting carries greater overhead, so option C is prefer-able to D.
A. Less security
B. Greatest risk of unauthorized access
C. Significantly greater processing ovethead
正确
D. Violating regulatory compliance


72. If bit-splitting is used to store data sets across multiple jurisdictions, how may this enhance security?

试题解析：When law enforcement entities wish to seize assets (including data), they must cooperate with other law enforcement agencies in other jurisdictions if the data is not contained fully within their own. This may aid a data owner who is concerned about the risk of losing their data in a multitenant environment if another tenant conducts illicit activity and law enforcement seizes an entire data storage device as part of an investigation, accidentally collecting data belonging to innocent parties.
Attackers are jurisdiction-agnostic; they don&#39;t care where data is stored or what laws apply. Option B is thus incorrect.
Authorized users can access bit-split data regardless of the location and can disclose infor-mation worldwide; option C is incorrect.
Bit-splitting does not pertain to types of access roles; option D is incorrect.
A. By making seizure of data by law enforcement more difficult
正确
B. By hiding it from attackers in a specific jurisdiction
C. By ensuring that users can only accidentally disclose data to one geographic area
D. By restricting privilege user access


73. &nbsp;Bit-splitting also provides security against data breaches by______.

试题解析：Bit-splitting involves chopping data sets up into segments and storing those segments in multiple places/devices. An at tacker getting access to one segment won&#39;t be gaining any thing of value because one segment of the data set would most likely make no sense out of context.
Bit- splitting may or may not function as an access control method; option B is preferable to A.
Bit- splitting may or may not move data across jurisdictions, which may or may not be use-ful to the data owner; option B is preferable to C.
Bi-splitting does not, in itself, provide access logs; option D is incorrect.
A. Removing all access to unauthorized parties
B. Ensuring that an unauthorized user only gets a useless fragment of data
正确
C. Moving data across jurisdictional boundaries
D. Tracking all incoming access requests


74. Bit-splitting, also known as data dispersion, might be thought of as_____ in the cloud.

试题解析：In the traditional environment, a RAID array is a set of disks/drives on which data is spread to enhance the availability, security, and resiliency of the data. In the cloud,bit-splitting/data dispersion performs this same function in much the same way.
All the other options have nothing to do with spreading data across multiple storage areas.
A. RAID
正确
B. BIOS
C. DDoS
D. SYN-ACK


75. Data owners might consider using tokenization for all of the following reasons except______.

试题解析：Inference is an attack strategy, not a reason for implementing tokenization.
All the other options are good reasons to implement tokenization, and they are therefore not correct.
A. Regulatory or contractual compliance
B. Inference
正确
C. Reduced cost of compliance
D. Mitigating risk from data lost to intrusion


76. Tokenization requires at least ___ database(s).

试题解析：Tokenization will require, at a minimum, a database for the tokens and another for the stored sensitive data.
One database will not suffice; a single database holding both the tokens and the sensitive data they represent would not be in compliance with any standard requiring data to be obscured. Option A is thus incorrect.
Option. C might be an answer some readers choose; it is easy to overthink this question.
You might consider that the data requires two databases (one for tokens, one for sensi-tive data), and that access control would require a third database (for authentication cre-dentials); however, the tokenization methodology does not strictly require that access be cont rolled through an authentication server. Option C is therefore incorrect. Be sure not to read more into the quest ion than appears at face value.
Option D is incrrect; that&#39;s just too many databases.
A. One
B. Two
正确
C. Three
D. Four


77. Tokenization is a method of obscuring data that, other than encryption, can be used to comply with_______standards.

试题解析：PCI requires that credit card numbers and other cardholder data be obscured when.stored for any length of time. Encryption is one approved method; tokenization is another.
GLBA, COPA, and SOX do not specifically require obscuring stored data, so those options are incorrect.
A. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA)
B. Payment Card Industry (PCI)
正确
C. Child Online Protection Act (COPA)
D. Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX)


78. Anonymization is the process of removing________from data sets.

试题解析：Anonymization is the process of removing identifiers from data sets so that data analysis tools and techniques cannot be used by malicious entities to divine personal or sensitive data from nonsensitive aggregated data sets.
All the other answers are incorrect because they are not part of the anonymization process.
A. Access
B. Cryptographic keys
C. Numeric values
D. Identifying information
正确


79. _______ is a direct identifier, and_______is an indirect identifier.

试题解析：The user&#39;s name is a direct identifier, explicitly stating who that person is. The user&#39;s age is not a direct identifier because it doesn&#39;t specify a certain person, but it is a piece of demographic information that could be used to narrow down the user&#39;s identity from a group of users of different ages, so it is an indirect identifier.
Username and password are identity assertions and aut hent ication credentials, not identi-fiers. The username might be a direct identifier, but the password is neither a direct nor an indirect identifier (especially if it is kept secret, as it should be). Option A is thus incorrect.
Option C is incorrect because both elements could be considered direct identifiers (depending on the jurisdiction)if the user&#39;s machine is considered a legal representation of the user.
Option D is incorrect because both elements are indirect identifiers.
A. Username; password
B. User&#39;s name; user&#39;s age
正确
C. User&#39;s IP address; user&#39;s media access control (MAC) address
D. Location; income level


80. What is one possible risk associated with the use of algorithmic masking for obscuring a data set?

试题解析：Using an algorithm to mask data suggests that the same a lgorithm, if learned or reverse- engineered by an aggressor, could be used on the masked data to reveal the production data. .
Algorithmic m asking causes no more risk to production data than the other masking methods, so option A is incorrect.
Accidental disclosure migbt be interpreted as the same thing as determining the original data from the masked set, so option B might be considered accurate, but option Cisa bet-ter way of stating the risk, so B is incorrect.
Option D is about the use of the deletion technique for masking, not algorithmic, so it is incorrect.
This is not an easy quest ion, and it involves some abstract thought to arrive at the correct answer.
A. You could corrupt the production data.
B. The data could be subject to easy inadvertent disclosure.
C. Algorithms are two-way operations.
正确
D. A mull set has no test value.


81. For which use case would it probably be best to use dynamic masking?

试题解析：Dynamically masking a user&#39;s account information each time a customer service representative accesses that data is an efficient, secure me ans of masking data as ecessary.
Trying to mask each data element as it is called by an application in a test environment would be unwieldy and not likely to provide accurate test data, so option A is incorrect.
Neither incident response nor BC/DR purposes need masked data, so both options C and D are incorrect.
A. Creating a test environment for a new application
B. Allowing a customer service representative limited access to account data
正确
C. Sending incident response notifications
D. Implementing business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR)


82. For which use case would it probably be best to use static masking?

试题解析：Static masking involves modification of an entire data set, all at once. This would be a good method to create a sample data set for testing purposes.
Static testing for customer service use would be overkill; replicating all the customer accounts at once so that the fraction of customers who contact customer service may receive assistance is inefficient and cumbersome, and customer account information is likely to change bet ween static updates, making it less useful. Therefore, option B is incorrect.
Neither regulators nor shareholders need to see masked data, so both options C and D are incorrect.
A. Creating a test environment for a new application
正确
B. Allowing a customer service representative limited access to account data
C. Providing detailed reports to regulators
D. Notifying shareholders


83. &nbsp;If data masking is being performed for software testing purposes, which of the following is not a good masking technique to use?

试题解析：While deletion is a very good way to avoid the possibility of inadvertently disclosing production data in a test environment, it also eliminates the usefulness of the data set as a plausible approximation of the production environment, greatly reducing the quality of the testing.
The other options modify the raw production data into something that approximates the real environment without disclosing real data, to a greater or lesser ex tent; some are better than the others, but they are all better than deletion for testing purposes.
A. Random substitution
B. Shuffling
C. Deletion
正确
D. Algorithmic substitution


84. All of the following are methods of data masking suggested by (ISC)2 except_______.

试题解析：Conflation is not a masking technique and is meaningless in this context. All the others are suggested as possible masking techniques.
A. Random substitution
B. Algorithmic substitution
C. Deletion
D. Conflation
正确


85. Which of the following is a good business case for the use of data masking?

试题解析：The customer service representative may need to see a partial version of the customer&#39;s SS number to verify that the customer is who they claim to be, but that representative does not need to see the full number, which would create an unnecessary risk.
The shipping department definitely needs the customer&#39;s address in order to send things to the customer, so option A is not correct.
The billing department needs the customer&#39; s full credit card number to process payments, so option C is incorrect.
HR needs the employee&#39;s full license number in order to verify and validate the employee&#39;s identity, so option D is not correct.
A. The shipping department should get only a masked version of the customer&#39;s address.
B. The customer service department should get only a masked version of the customer&#39;s Social Security (SS) number.
正确
C. The billing department should get only a masked version of the customer&#39;s credit card number.
D. The Human Resources (HR) department should get only a masked version of the employee&#39;s driver&#39;s license number.


86. As in a traditional IT environment, proper key management is crucial in the cloud. Which of the following principles is not true regarding key management?

试题解析：Public keys have to be shared in order for asymmetric cryptography to function properly; that is their purpose. Private keys, on the other hand, must remain secret, known only to the individuals to whom they are assigned.
Seeding key generation processes with pseudorandom numbers makes decryption that much more difficult and is a desired practice, so option A is incorrect.
Losing keys to encry pted data me ans that the data stays encrypted, which is a way of applying a denial-of-service attack on yourself, so option C is incorrect.
Symmetric keys, known as shared secrets, ought to be transmitted to recipients over a dif-ferent medium than the mode of communication intended for the encrypted traffic. If the users intend to use encrypted email, for instance, they should pass the keys via telephone.
Option D is therefore incorrect.
A. It is good practice to introduce pseudorandom numbers when generating keys.
B. Public keys should never be shared with anyone.
正确
C. Losing the keys is equivalent to losing the data.
D. Symmetric keys should be passed out of band.


87. Which of the following is one of the benefits of event monitoring tools (security information and event management [SIEM]/security information management SIM]/security event management [SEM])?

试题解析：The manual element of log review is tedious and necessarily slow because it quires a trained, knowledgeable person to perform the task; these tools can greatly increase the amount of log data that can be reviewed, in a much shorter amount of time. These tools do not, however, aid in any of the other options.
A. Greater physical security
B. Psychological deterrence
C. Cost savings
D. More logs can be reviewed, at faster speeds
正确


88. In addition to predictive capabilities, event monitoring tools (security information and event management [SIEM]/security information management [SIM]/security event management [SEM]) are instrumental in what other security function?

试题解析：Event logs are used to reconstruct a narrative of activity; they tell the story of what happened, how it happened, and so forth. This is crucial for evidentiary purposes. Event logging tools do not aid in any of the other options (especially acoustic dampening, which is gibberish in this context).
A. Personnel safety
B. Vehicle tracking
C. Incident evidence
正确
D. Acoustic dampening


89. Event monitoring tools (security information and event management [SIEM /security information management [SIM]/security event management [SEM]) can aid in which of the following efforts?

试题解析：Event monitoring tools can detect repeated performance issues, which can be indicative of improper temperature settings in the data center; also, some system monitoring metrics,such as CPU temperature, can directly indicate inadequate HVAC performance. These tools do not aid in cloud migration (which is the task of architects and administrators) nor in risk decisions (which is the task of senior management; they also don&#39;t provide any kind of assistance with fire.
A. Detecting ambient heating, ventilation, and air-conditioning (HVAC) problems
正确
B. Ensuring proper cloud migration
C. Deciding risk parameters
D. Protecting all physical entry points against the threat of fire


90. Event monitoring tools (security information and event management [SIEM]/security information management [SIM]/security event management [SEM]) can aid in which of the following efforts?

试题解析：Event monitoring tools can detect repeated performance issues, which can be used by administrators and architects to enhance performance/productivity. These tools don&#39;t aid in the managerial function of noting individual workload, nor do they reduce log fle sizes (indeed, they might add to the size of log files) or have anything to do with lighting.
A. Reducing workload for production personnel
B. Decreasing size of log files
C. Optimizing performance
正确
D. Ensuring adequate lighting of workspaces


91. Event monitoring tools (security information and event management [SIEM]/security information management [SIM]/security event management [SEM]) can aid in which of the following efforts?

试题解析：Event monitoring tools can be used to predict system outages by noting decreases in performance; repeated performance issues can be an indicator a device is failing.
While an event monitoring tool might be able to detect a user who continually conducts unproductive activity or fails to complete certain functions, it is impossible to determine if the source of the problem is lack of training. These tools in no way serve to detect conflict of interest or enforce mandatory vacation, which are managerial/administrative controls.
A. Detecting untrained personnel
B. Predicting system outages
正确
C. Sending alerts for conflicts of interest
D. Enforcing mandatory vacation


92. Event monitoring tools (security information and event management [SIEM]/security information management [SIM]/security event management [SEM]) can aid in which of the following efforts?

试题解析：Event monitoring tools can help detect external hacking efforts by tracking and reporting on common hack related activity, such as repeated failed login attempts and scanning. It is unlikely that these tools could predict physical device theft; they could, of course, report on a device that is no longer connected to the environment after it has been removed by noting a lack of event activity, but that&#39;s not quite the same thing. Event monitoring tools don&#39;t aid in data classification/categorization; egress monitoring and digital rights anagement tools might provide that function, though. Social engineering attacks are mostly transparent to the majority of logical tools (the exception being social engineering efforts combined with IT traffic, such as phishing, which might be detected by email filters and sophisticated firewalls).
A. External hacking detection
正确
B. Prediction of physical device theft
C. Data classification/categorization issues
D. Social engineering attacks


93. Which of the following is not used to determine data retention requirements?

试题解析：Data retention periods should be established in policy regardless of the projected lifetime of the media the data resides on. All the other options do/should influence data retention periods.
A. Legislation
B. Business needs
C. Average media longevity
正确
D. Contracts


94. According to (ISC)2, where should the cloud customer&#39;s encryption keys be stored?

试题解析：Best practice is to not keep the encryption keys alongside the data they&#39;ve been used to encrypt.
Options A and B are both viable but not as good as option D, which is more general and includes them both.
Option C is clearly incorrect because it is counter to the best practice advice offered by (ISC)2.
A. With the cloud customer
B. With a third-party provider
C. At the cloud provider data center
D. Anywhere but with the cloud provider
正确


95. Which of the following database encry ption techniques makes it difficult to perform database functions (searches, indexing, etc.)?

试题解析：Application-level encryption involves encrypting the data before it enters the fields of the database; it is much more difficult to search and review data that has been encrypted, so this reduces the functionality of the database.
All the other options are incorrect because they are not database encryption techniques.
A. File-level encryption
B. Transparent encryption
C. Application-level encryption
正确
D. Volume encryption


96. Which of the following database encryption techniques can be used to encrypt specific tables within the database?

试题解析：Encrypting specific tables within the database is one of the options of transparent encryption; this is not true of the other options, so they are incorrect.
A. File-level encryption
B. Transparent encryption
正确
C. Application-level encryption
D. Object-level encryption


97. In application- level encryption, where does the encryption engine reside?

试题解析：The application contains the encryption engine used in application level encryption.
The operating system is responsible for providing the resources an application needs and for running the applications. The operating system does not do application-level encryp-tion, s0 option B is incorrect.
Option C is incorrect because application-leve encryption is performed by the application that interfaces with the database.
The application-level encryption engine may or may not reside in the same volume as the database engine, so option D is incorrect.
A. In the application accessing the database
正确
B. In the operating system on which the application is run
C. Within the database accessed by the application
D. In the volume where the database resides


98. All of the following are database encryption options that could be used in a platform as a service (PaaS) implementation except_______.

试题解析：SSL is encryption used in a communication session, not a storage volume.
All the other options are examples of database encryption options, so they are incorrect.
A. File-level encryption
B. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
正确
C. Transparent encryption
D. Application-level encryption


99. In an infrastructure as a service (laaS) arrangement, all of the following are examples of object storage encryption except _______.

试题解析：TLS is encryption used in a communication session, not a storage volume.
All the other options are examples of object storage encryption options, so they are incorrect.
A. File-level encryption
B. Digital rights management (DRM)
C. Application-level encryption
D. Transport Layer Security (TLS)
正确


100. Volume storage encryption in an infrastructure as a service (IaaS) arrangement will protect against data loss due to all of the following activities except _______.

试题解析：An authorized user will still be able to access and decrypt the data for which they&#39;ve been granted permissions, so encryption will not offer any protections for that threat.
Volume storage encryption will, however, protect against all the other threats, because any outsider (that is, a person who does not have access to the volume operating system) will be able to steal only encrypted data, which they should not be able to decrypt in a timely fashion. Therefore, all the other options are incorrect.
A. Physical loss or theft of a device
B. Disgruntled users
正确
C. Malicious cloud administrators accessing the data
D. Virtual machine snapshots stolen from storage


101. As with the traditional IT environment, cloud data encryption includes all the following elements except _______.

试题解析：The user is not really an aspect of an encryption deployment, although it may be argued that the user will need to refrain from disclosing their own key(s) to anyone else.
The other three options are the components of an encryption deployment.
A. The user
正确
B. The data itself
C. The encryption engine
D. The encryption keys


102. The cloud security professional should be aware that encryption would most likely be necessary in all the following aspects of a cloud deployment except _______.

试题解析：The term data of relief doesn&#39;t really mean anything and is therefore the correct answer for this question.
Encryption is used in all other aspects of cloud data.
A. Data at rest
B. Data in motion
C. Data in use
D. Data of relief
正确


103. Egress monitoring solutions can aid all of the followving security-related efforts except _______.

试题解析：Egress monitoring solutions do not facilitate access control efforts in any way.
Egress monitoring tools do, however, provide all the functions listed in the other options, so those are incorrect.
A. Access control
正确
B. Data exfiltration
C. E-discovery/forensics
D. Data categorization/classification


104. You are the security manager of a small firm that has just purchased an egress monitoring solution to implement in your cloud- based production environment. You understand that all of the following aspects of cloud computing may make proper deployment of the tool difficult or costly except _______.

试题解析：The fact that cloud data centers are designed with multiple redundancies of all systems and components won&#39;t really have any bearing on your decision and implementation of your egress monitoring solution.
Because data will move across nodes in the data center and will take different forms (such as live data in a virtualized instance or snapshotted data saved in a file store when a virtual machine is not being used at a specific moment), you will have to determine how the tool will function in that environment, and whether it was designed for cloud usage.
Option A is incorrect.
Option C is true for any environment, not just the cloud; all security functions necessarily negatively impact operations and production. Option B is a better answer.
Option D is also correct; without administrative privileges to the underlying hardware (which customers should not have), the customer may not be able to install monitoring agents everywhere necessary for those tools to work properly.
A. Data will not remain in one place or form in the cloud
B. The cloud environment will include redundant and resilient architecture
正确
C. There will be a deleterious impact on production upon installing the tool
D. You might not have sufficient proper administrative rights in the cloud infrastructure


105. You are the security manager of a small firm that has just purchased an egress monitoring solution to implement in your cloud-based production environment. You are interested in fielding the solution as an awareness tool to optimize security for your organization through conditioning user behavior. You decide to set the solution to _______.

试题解析：These are all possible settings for a modern egress monitoring solution. However, the best option, in light of the question, is to query the user as to their intent; this aids the user in understanding and knowing when sensitive data might be leaving the organization accidentally, through a mistake on the user&#39;s part. The other options are more severe and restrictive; these will enhance security but reduce productivity and are management and technological controls instead of awareness tools, so they are incorrect answers for this question.
A. Suspend user accounts and notify the security office when it detects possible sensitive data egress attempted by a user
B. Halt the transaction and notify the user&#39;s supervisor when the user attempts to transfer sensitive data
C. Query the user as to whether they intend to send sensitive data upon detection of an attempted transfer
正确
D. Sever remote connections upon detection of a possible sensitive data transfer


106. You are the security manager of a small firm that has just purchased an egress monitoring solution to implement in your cloud-based production environment. In order to increase the security value of the tool, you should consider combining it with_____

试题解析：Egress monitoring tools combined with DRM and SIEM enhance the security value of each because you create in-depth/layered defense.
Project management software does not really have anything to do with security, so option B is incorrect.
Insurance is a risk transfer mechanism and does not aid in risk mitigation efforts; egress monitoring is for risk mitigation, so option C is incorrect.
The Tier certification program is for the cloud provider and is not used by the cloud cus-tomer, so option D is incorrect.
A. Digital rights management (DRM) and security event and incident management (SIEM) tools
正确
B. An investment in upgraded project management software
C. Digital insurance policies
D. The Uptime Institute&#39;s Tier certification


107. You are the security manager of a small firm that has just purchased an egress monitoring solution to implement in your cloud-based production environment. In order to get truly holistic coverage of your environment, you should be sure to include _______as a step in the deployment process.

试题解析：This is a tricky question. In the cloud environment, we know that all users will be entering the environment through remote access; in many cases, this will include the use of their personal devices. In order for egress monitoring solutions to function properly, all devices accessing the production environment must have local agents installed, and that requires signed user agreements.
It would be unnecessary (and intrusive, and cumbersome) to install agents on all assets in the cloud data center, which includes not only your organization&#39; assets but also those of all the other cloud tenants in that data center. This might even be illegal. Option B is incorrect.
Assuming you could install (or even know) all the routers between your users and the cloud data center is ridiculous; option C is incorrect.
Getting your customer to install an egress monitoring client would be nice, in theory.but also pointless. Your customers don&#39;t work for you; they are outside your organization.
Egress monitoring tools are used to prevent sensitive data from leaving your environment; by the time it has reached a customer, sensitive information is far outside your control and the egress monitoring tool would be of no use. Option D is therefore incorrect.
A. Getting signed user agreements from all users
正确
B. Installation of the solution on all assets in the cloud data center
C. Adoption of the tool in all routers between your users and the cloud provider
D. Ensuring that all your customers install the tool


108. You are the security manager of a small firm that has just purchased an egress monitoring solution to implement in your cloud-based production environment. What should you not expect the tool to address?

试题解析：It&#39;s unlikely that any egress monitoring tools will be able to detect sensitive data captured, stored, and/or sent as graphic image files, which is the usual form of screenshots.
A proper egress monitoring tool should be able to detect all the other types of activity, so the other options are incorrect.
A. Sensitive data sent inadvertently in user emails
B. Sensitive data captured by screenshots
正确
C. Sensitive data moved to external devices
D. Sensitive data in the contents of files sent via File Transfer Protocol (FTP)


109. You are the security manager of a small firm that has just purchased an cgress monitoring solution to implement in your cloud-based production environment. What should you expect immediately following the implementation of the tool?

试题解析：It will take a while for the tool to &quot;learn&quot; the particulars of your environment and to be conditioned properly. A significant number of false- positive indications will be expected in the near term, until you can hone the responses to properly meet your organization&#39;s needs.
The tool will not work optimally immediately upon implementation, so option A is incorrect.
Egress monitoring tools do not affect morale or revenues, so options C and D are incorrect.
A. Immediate decrease in lost data
B. A series of false-positive indications
正确
C. Increase in morale across the organization
D. Increase in gross revenue


110. You are the security manager of a small firm that has just purchased an egress monitoring solution to implement in your cloud-based production environment. Which of these activities should you perform before deploying the tool?

试题解析：In order to&ldquo;train&quot; the egress monitoring solution properly, you&#39;ll need to inform it as to which data in your organization is sensitive...and, in order to do that, you&#39;ll need to determine what information your data owners deem sensitive; a survey is a way to do that.
A proper egress monitoring solution should not affect or be affected by the firewalls, rout-ers, or hypervisors, so options B, C, and D are incorrect.
A. Survey your company&#39;s departments about the data under their control.
正确
B. Reconstruct your firewalls.
C. Harden all your routers.
D. Adjust the hypervisors.


111. You are the security manager of a small firm that has just purchased an egress monitoring solution to implement in your cloud-based production environment. Before implementing the solution, what should you explain to senior management?

试题解析：All security functions come with an attendant negative productivity effect: the most secure environment will be the least productive, and the most productive will be the least secure. Egress monitoring tools will have an overhead cost in terms of production impact and loss of efficiency and speed. This may affect the cost savings that were realized in a cloud migration from the legacy environment, and senior management needs to understand this trade-off.
Implementing an egress monitoring solution should not incur any additional risks of exter-nal attack, so option A is incorrect.
Because the tool has already been purchased, explaining the purchase price is irrelevant at this point, so option C is incorrect.
If it was germane (and it was likely not), you should have explained how the tool works before purchasing it; explaining at this point might be interesting but is not as important as option B, so option D is incorrect.
A. The additional risks of external attack associated with using the tool
B. The production impact it will have on the environment
正确
C. What the price of the tool was
D. How the solution works


112. You are the security manager of a small firm that has just purchased an egress monitoring solution to implement in your cloud-based production environment. In which of the following cases would you not have to get permission from the cloud provider to install and implement the tool?

试题解析：A cloud customer can install applications on a Pas environment, usually as they see fit and without prior coordination with the provider.
If you are introducing hardware into the cloud environment, you will need permission from your cloud provider, regardless of the deployment model you use. Therefore, option A is incorrect (and unlikely to occur, as permission is probably not going to be granted). Although the provider may offer an egress monitoring function as an add-on service, which would be permissible for you to use, the use of an outside vendor&#39;s product may have to be reviewed by the provider before implementation, based on a number of other variables (such as the other possible answers). Option C is preferable, so option B is incorrect.
Affecting all images on a host may impact other customers in a multitenant environment, so option D is not the correct answer.
A. If it&#39;s hardware-based and your production environment is in an infrastructure as a service (IaaS) model
B. If you purchased it from a vendor other than the cloud provider
C. If it&#39;s software-based and your production environment is in a platform as a service (PaaS) model
正确
D. If it affects all guest instances on any given host device


113. DLP (data loss prevention or data leak protection) solutions may use all of the following techniques to identify sensitive data except_______

试题解析：Inference is an attack technique that derives sensitive material from an aggregation of innocuous data; DLP tools, thus far, do not have this capability.
All the other techniques listed may be used by DLP solutions to detect sensitive data before it leaves the control of the owner.
A. Pattern matching
B. Inference
正确
C. Keyword identification
D. Metadata tags


114. &nbsp;Which of the following will DLP (data loss prevention or data leak protection) solutions most likely not inspect?

试题解析：Commercial DLP products that monitor speech in real time and censor conversations are not yet widely available.
A proper DLP solution will monitor all the technologies in the other options, so those are incorrect.
A. Email content
B. FTP traffic
C. Material saved to portable media
D. Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) conversations
正确


115. DLP (data loss prevention or data leak protection) solutions are implemented in the hopes of securing______.

试题解析：DLP, also referred to as egress monitoring, is used to detect and prevent sensitive data from leaving the organization&#39;s control without proper approval.
Because it is designed to prevent the egress of only certain data sets, options B and C are not correct.
Controlling data outside the reach of the organization is difficult at best. While there are some mechanisms that might accomplish this, DLP is not specifically designed for that purpose, so option D is incorrect.
A. Sensitive data that may leave the organization&#39;s control
正确
B. All data within the organization&#39;s control
C. Data being processed by the organization&#39;s users
D. Data that could be intercepted while out of the organization&#39;s control


116. Erasure coding, in the cloud, is similar to what element of RAID implementations in a traditional IT environment?

试题解析：Similar to parity bits in RAID, erasure coding is used in cloud data dispersion implementations to create a situation where data can still be recovered even if a segment or portion of the dispersed data is lost (due to drive failure, disaster, etc.).
Options A and B have no meaning in this context.
Transposition is a cryptographic technique and does not relate to RAID in any way, so option D is also incorrect.
A. Deltas
B. Inversion
C. Parity bits
正确
D. Transposition


117. What is a form of cloud data protection where data is spread across multiple storage devices/locations, similar to RAID in the legacy environment?

试题解析：Data dispersion is the cloud version of using RAID arrays, protecting data by spreading it across multiple volumes/devices.
Options A and C are terms that have no meaning in this context.
Crypto-shredding is a form of device/media sanitization utilizing cryptography and has nothing to do with RAID, so option D is incorrect.
A. Infringing
B. Data dispersion
正确
C. Voiding
D. Crypto-shredding


118. What type of data storage is often used in platform as a service (PaaS) arrangements?

试题解析：The PaaS model allows the cloud customer to install and run applications in the cloud environment. With a database, the cloud customer can store data in a database administered by the cloud provider but can then tailor applications and services for reaching into and manipulating that database.
Ephemeral and long term storage take place in the software as a service (SaaS) model, and there is no such thing as &quot;nefarious data storage,&quot; so the other options are incorrect.
A. Ephemeral
B. Database
正确
C. Long-term
D. Nefarious


119. What is a form of cloud storage often used for streaming multimedia data to users?

试题解析：CDNs are often used to place large stores of multimedia data in a location geographically near to the end users who will consume that data; this approach is designed mostly to accomplish a reduction in data degradation due to distance between resource and user.
Volume storage assigns a logical, unstructured drive space to the user, so option A is incorrect.
Databases store data in an arrangement of characteristics and values, so option B is incorrect.
Neutral storage is not a form of cloud storage, so option D is incorrect.
A. Volume storage
B. Databases
C. Content delivery network (CDN)
正确
D. Neutral storage


120. &nbsp;What is a form of cloud storage where data is stored in a logical storage area assigned to the user but not necessarily physically attached or even geographically proximate to the compute node the user is utilizing?

试题解析：In volume storage, the user is assigned a logical drive space into which anything (such as raw data, objects, or applications) may be saved or installed, similar to a mounted drive on a traditional network.
Databases store data in an arrangement of characteristics and values, not in an unstruc-tured drive space, so option B is incorrect.
CDNs are for distributing data with less chance of quality loss, so option C is incorrect.
Object storage arranges data as objects in a structured hierarchy, so option D is incorrect.
A. Volume storage
正确
B. Databases
C. Content delivery network (CDN)
D. Object storage


121. What is a form of cloud storage where data is stored as objects, arranged in a hierarchal structure, like a file tree?

试题解析：Object storage stores data as objects (hence the name), often arranged in a hierarchical structure.
Volume storage is not a hierarchal cloud storage structure and is therefore an incorrect answer for this question.
Option B is incorrect because databases are applications in both traditional and cloud computing.
A CDN is a geographically distributed network of proxy servers and their data centers.
Option C is incorrect because it is not a form of cloud storage.
A. Volume storage
B. Databases
C. Content delivery network (CDN)
D. Object storage
正确


122. &nbsp;At what phase of the Cloud Secure Data Lifecycle does data enter long -term storage?

试题解析：The Cloud Secure Data Lifecycle phases are, in order, Create, Store, Use, Share,Archive, Destroy (a good mnemonic might be CSU-SAD). Archiving (the fifth phase) is the process of moving data out of the production environment and into long: term storage.
The other phases in the options are create, store, and share and are therefore incorrect.
A. The first
B. The second
C. The fourth
D. The fifth
正确


123. Which of the following should occur during the final phase of the Cloud Secure Data Lifecycle?

试题解析：The Cloud Secure Data Lifecycle phases are, in order, Create, Store, Use, Share,Archive, Destroy (a good mnemonic might be CSU-SAD). Crypto-shredding (also called cryptographic erasure) is the preferred method of data sanitization for a cloud environment; this should take place in the final phase of the cycle, destroy.
Option A is incorrect because data dispersion is a means of making data more resilient and secure; in the final phase of the cycle, we want to get rid of the data, not make it resis-tant to loss.
Option C is incorrect because cryptoparsing is a made. up term and used here as a distractor.
Option D is incorrect because cryptosporidium is a microorganism and is not associated with InfoSec,
A. Data dispersion
B. Crypto-shredding
正确
C. Cryptoparsing
D. Cryptosporidium


124. According to the (ISC)2 Cloud Secure Data Lifecycle, in which phase should the process of categorization/classification of data occur?

试题解析：The Cloud Secure Data Lifecycle phases are, in order, Create, Store, Use, Share,Archive, Destroy (a good mnemonic might be CSU-SAD). The best practice for categorizing/classifying data is to do so when it is first created/collected so that the proper security controls can be applied to it throughout the rest of the cycle.
Options B and D are phases of the CSU-SAD but are not the proper times to be applying classification/categorization; that would be too late in the cycle.
Option C is not a phase of CSU-SAD.
A. Create
正确
B. Store
C. Define
D. Use


125. Why is the term (ISC)2 Cloud Secure Data Lifecycle actually somewhat inaccurate?

试题解析：The Cloud Secure Data Lifecycle phases are, in order, Create, Store, Use, Share,Archive, Destroy (a good mnemonic might be CSU-SAD). This is not truly a cycle because data does not continue after the destroy phase (that is to say, the same data or process does not go back to create after destroy).
Option A might be considered true because the CSU-SAD cycle is not unique to (ISC)P, but this is not the best answer; option D is preferable because it is not truly a cycle.
Options B and C are incorrect because activity in each of the phases involves security aspects and all phases relate to how data is involved in the cloud.
A. The term is not used only by (ISC)⒉.
B. Not all phases are secure.
C. Not all phases take place in the cloud.
D. It&#39;s not actually a cycle.
正确


126. According to the (ISC)2 Cloud Secure Data Lifecycle, which phase comes immediately before the Share phase?

试题解析：The Cloud Secure Data Lifecycle phases are, in order, Create, Store, Use, Share,Archive, Destroy a good mnemonic might be CSU-SAD).
Options A and B are phases of CSU-SAD but do not immediately precede Share.
Option D is not a phase of CSU-SAD.
A. Create
B. Destroy
C. Use
正确
D. Encrypt


127. According to the (ISC)2 Cloud Secure Data Lifecycle, which phase comes soon after (or at the same time as) the Create phase?

试题解析：The Cloud Secure Data Lifecycle phases are, in order, Create, Store, Use, Share, Archive, Destroy (a good mnemonic might be CSU-SAD).
Options B and D are phases of CSU-SAD but do not immediately follow Create.
Option C is not a phase of CSU-SAD.
A. Store
正确
B. Use
C. Deploy
D. Archive


128. Which of the following characteristics is associated with digital rights management (DRM) solutions (sometimes referred to as information rights management, or IRM)?

试题解析：Mapping to existing access control lists (ACLs) is the trait that allows DRM tools to provide additional access control protections for the organization&#39;s assets. The other options are not characteristics associated with DRM solutions.
A. Mapping to existing access control lists (ACLs)
正确
B. Delineating biometric catalogs
C. Preventing multifactor authentication
D. Prohibiting unauthorized transposition


129. Which of the following characteristics is associated with digital rights management (DRM) solutions (sometimes referred to as information rights management, or IRM)?

试题解析：Continuous audit trail is the trait that allows DRM tools to log and exhibit all access to a given object. The other options are not characteristics associated with DRM solutions.
A. Transparent encryption modification
B. Bilateral enhancement
C. Continuous audit trail
正确
D. Encompassing flow


130. Which of the following characteristics is associated with digital rights management (DRM) solutions (sometimes referred to as information rights management, or IRM)?

试题解析：Automatic expiration is the trait that allows DRM tools to prevent access to objects when a license expires or to remove protections when intellectual property moves into the public domain. The other options are not characteristics associated with DRM solutions.
A. Automatic expiration
正确
B. Multilevel aggregation
C. Enhanced detail
D. Broad spectrum


131. Which of the following characteristics is associated with digital rights management (DRM) solutions (sometimes referred to as information rights management, or IRM)?

试题解析：Persistence is the trait that allows DRM protection to follow protected files wherever they might be stored/copied. The other options are not characteristics associated with DRM solutions.
A. Persistence
正确
B. Influence
C. Resistance
D. Trepidation


132. Digital rights management (DRM) solutions (sometimes referred to as information rights management, or IRM) often protect unauthorized distribution of what type of intellectual property?

试题解析：DRM is often deployed to ensure that copy righted material (frequently software) is only delivered to and used by licensed recipients. Patents are more complicated and not often distributed to a mass market, so DRM does not assist in that way. Trademarks are representations of a brand and meant to be distributed, so DRM does not protect them. PII is not typically a type of intellectual property.
A. Patents
B. Trademarks
C. Personally identifiable information (PII)
D. Copyright
正确


133. Digital rights management (DR M) solutions (sometimes referred to as information rights management, or IRM) can be used to protect all sorts of sensitive data but are usually particularly designed to secure______.

试题解析：DRM is mainly designed to protect intellectual property. It can also sometimes be used for securing PII, but intellectual property is a better answer here. Plans and policies aren&#39;t usually protected in this manner, and marketing material is usually meant to be disseminated, so it does not require protection.
A. Personally identifiable information (PII)
B. Intellectual property
正确
C. Plans and policies
D. Marketing material


134. Egress monitoring solutions usually include a function that_______.

试题解析：Egress monitoring solutions (often referred to as DLP tools, where DLP stands for data loss protection or data leak prevention, or some combination of these terms) will often include an agent that resides on client devices in order to inspect data being shared/sent by end users. DLP tools do not inspect incoming packets, with or without stateful inspection; this is the job of firewalls. DLP solutions do not typically use biometrics in any way.
A. Uses biometrics to scan users
B. Inspects incoming packets
C. Resides on client machines
正确
D. Uses stateful inspection


135. Egress monitoring solutions usually include a function that_______.

试题解析：Egress monitoring solutions (often referred to as DLP tools, where DLP stands for data loss protection or data leak prevention, or some combination of these terms) will often include a discovery function, which will locate data assets according to criteria defined by the organization. DLP solutions cannot arbitrate contract breaches or perform personnel evaluations. Usually, DLPs also do not apply additional access controls; that is typically a characteristic of a digital rights management (DRM) solution.
A. Arbitrates contract breaches
B. Performs personnel evaluation reviews
C. Discovers data assets according to classification/categorization
正确
D. Applies another level of access control


136. What is one of the benefits of implementing an egress monitoring solution?

试题解析：Egress monitoring solutions (often referred to as DLP tools, where DLP stands for data loss protection or data leak prevention, or some combination of these terms) require the organization to appropriately inventory and classify data assets so the tool knows what to protect. DLP does not aid in protections for DDoS or natural disasters, which affect availability, not confidentiality (DLP only enhances confidentiality efforts), Option C is not a benefit of implementing an egress monitoring solution.
A. Preventing distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks
B. Inventorying data assets
正确
C. Interviewing data owners
D. Protecting against natural disasters


137. Your organization is migrating the production environment to an infrastructure as a service (IaaS) cloud implementation. Your users will need to be able to get access to their data and share data with other users in a defined way, according to a hierarchy. You should configure the cloud memory as______.

试题解析：Object storage is usually arranged in a file hierarchy. Volume storage has data with no defined structure (only memory space), and databases ar-range data in tables and relational schemes; neither of these options offers the functions described in the question. Synthetic is not a cloud memory con-figuration option.
A. Object storage
正确
B. Volume storage
C. Synthetic storage
D. Databases


138. Your organization is migrating the production environment to an infrastructure as a service (IaaS) cloud implementation. Your users will need to be able to get access to their data, install programs, and partition memory space for their own purposes. You should configure the cloud memory as______.

试题解析：Volume storage allows all the functions described in the question. Object storage has data arranged in a file structure, and databases arrange data in tables and relational schemes; neither of these options offers the functions described in the question. Synthetic is not a cloud memory configuration option.
A. Object
B. Volume
正确
C. Synthetic
D. Database


139. Data dispersion provides protection for all the following security aspects except_____.

试题解析：Data dispersion can&#39;t aid in inadvertent loss caused by an errant user; if the user accidentally deletes/corrupts a file, that file will be deleted/corrupted across all the storage spaces where it is dispersed. The technique does, however, protect against the other risks. It enhances confidentiality because an attacker gaining illicit access to a single storage space will only get a chunk of the data, which is useless without the other chunks. This same aspect also protects loss when law enforcement seizes a specific storage device/space when they are investigating another tenant at the same cloud provider your organization uses. And loss of availability due to single device failure is probably the primary reason for having data dispersion (like RAID before it).
A. Protecting confidentiality against external attack on the storage area
B. Loss of availability due to single-storage -device failure
C. Loss due to seizure by law enforcement in a multitenant environment
D. Protecting against loss due to user error
正确


140. Data dispersion uses____ , where the traditional implementation is called&ldquo;parity bits.&rdquo;

试题解析：Erasure coding is the practice of having suffcient data to replace a lost chunk in data dispersion, protecting against the possibility of a device failing while it holds a given chunk; parity bits serve the same purpose in a traditional RAID configuration. The other. options are not common data dispersion terms used in cloud computing and have no meaning in this context.
A. Smurfing
B. Snarfing
C. Erasure coding
正确
D. Real-time bitlinking


141. Data dispersion uses_________, where the traditional implementation is called &ldquo;striping.&quot;

试题解析：Where RAID used data striping across multiple drives, with data dispersion this technique is referred to as&ldquo;chunking,&quot; or sometimes &ldquo;sharding&rdquo;when encryption is also used. The other options are not common data dispersion terms used in cloud computing and have no meaning in this context.
A. Chunking
正确
B. Vaulting
C. Lumping
D. Grouping


142. Data dispersion is a cloud data security technique that is most similar to which legacy implementation?

试题解析：Data dispersion is basically RAID in the cloud, with data elements parsed and stored over several areas/devices instead of stored as a unit in a single place. RAID (and data dispersion) does aid in BC/DR activities by increasing the robustness and resiliency of stored data, but BC/DR is a much more general discipline, so it is not the optimum answer for the question. SDN is used for abstracting network control commands away from production data, and CDN is usually used for ensuring quality of streaming media.
A. Business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR)
B. Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks (RAID)
正确
C. Software-defined networking (SDN)
D. Content delivery network (CDN)


143. Which of the following is not a security concern related to archiving data for long-term storage?

试题解析：A long-term storage facility may or may not be located underground; the security of that facility (and the data contained therein) is not dependent on this aspect. Option A is a security concern because loss of the keys may result in losing the data (by losing access to the data), and keeping the keys with the data they protect increases risk. Both the format of the data and the media on which it resides (options B and C) are important to bear in mind, as either (or both) may be outmoded by the time the data might need to be retrieved from the archive; data and formats do not age well.
A. Long- term storage of the related cryptographic keys
B. Format of the data
C. Media the data resides on
D. Underground depth of the storage facility
正确


144. When implementing cryptography in a cloud environment, where is the worst place to store the keys?

试题解析：Option A creates a conflict of interest and does not enforce separation of duties. The best practice is to not store cryptographic keys with the data they encrypt, to avoid a potential conflict of interest and to enforce separation of duties. Each of the other choices is a reasonable choice and therefore not the answer to this question.
A. With the cloud provider
正确
B. Off the cloud, with the data owner
C. With a third-party provider, in key escrow
D. Anywhere but with the cloud provider


145. When implementing a digital rights management (DRM) solution in a cloud environment, which of the following does not pose an additional challenge for the cloud customer?

试题解析：The owner of intellectual property will not change whether the material is stored in the cloud or in a legacy environment. Moving into the cloud will probably result in more use of personal devices, requiring users to install local DRM agents, so option A is true, making it not a suitable answer to this question. Options B and C are also true, due to the nature of cloud computing, and are therefore also not suitable for this question.
A. Users might be required to install a DR M agent on their local devices.
B. DRM solutions might have difficulty interfacing with multiple different operating systems and services.
C. DRM solutions might have difficulty interacting with virtualized instances.
D. Ownership of intellectual property might be difficult to ascertain.
正确


146. Which of the following is not a method for enhancing data portability?

试题解析：Crypto-shredding is for secure sanitization, not portability. The other methods all enhance portability.
A. Crypto-shredding
正确
B. Using standard data formats
C. Avoiding proprietary services
D. Favorable contract terms


147. Which of the following sanitization methods is feasible for use in the cloud?

试题解析：Cloud customers are allowed to encrypt their own data and manage their own keys; crypto-shredding is therefore possible. Degaussing is not likely in the cloud because it requires physical access to the storage devices and because most cloud providers are using solid-state drives (SSDs) for storage, which are not magnetic. Physical destruction is not feasible because the cloud customer doesn&#39;t own the hardware and therefore won&#39;t be allowed to destroy it. Overwriting probably won&#39;t work because finding all data in all aspects of the cloud is difficult and the data is constantly being backed up and securely stored, so a thorough process would be very tricky.
A. Crypto-shredding
正确
B. Degaussing
C. Physical destruction
D. Overwriting


148. Which of the following is not a step in the crypto-shredding process?

试题解析：In crypto-shredding, the purpose is to make the data unrecoverable; saving a backup of the keys would attenuate that outcome because the keys would still exist for the purpose of recovering data. All other steps outline the crypto-shredding process.
A. Encrypt data with a particular encryption engine.
B. Encrypt first resulting keys with another encryption engine.
C. Save backup of second resulting keys.
正确
D. Destroy original second resulting keys.


149. You are the security team leader for an organization that has an infrastructure as a service (laaS) production environment hosted by a cloud provider. You want to implement an event monitoring (security information and event management [SIEM ]/security information management [SIM ]/security event management [SEM]) solution in your production environment in order to acquire better data for security defenses and decisions. Which of the following is probably your most significant concern about implementing this solution in the cloud?

试题解析：Because the tool will require at least some installation and reporting capability within the cloud environment, it is essential to coordinate with the cloud provider to ensure that the solution you choose will function properly and is allowed by the provider. Option A is true, but not a major concern; that is a benefit of SIEM/SEM/SIM tools. Option B is not true because dashboards can often misconstrue pertinent reporting data when they are used to chase management goals instead of distilling raw data appropriately. Option D is not true because management should not be involved in such granular decisions.
A. The solution should give you better analysis capability by automating a great deal of the associated tasks.
B. Dashboards produced by the tool are a flawless management benefit.
C. You will have to coordinate with the cloud provider to ensure that the tool is acceptable and functioning properly.
正确
D. Senior management will be required to approve the acquisition and implementation of the tool.


150. In which of these options does the encryption engine reside within the application accessing the database?

试题解析：In application-level encryption, the application will encrypt data before it is placed in the data base. In transparent encryption, the entire database is encrypted. Symmetric-key encryption is a kind of encryption and not truly indicative of a strategy used in database encryption. Homomorphic encryption is an experimental, theoretical process that might allow processing encrypted information without the need to decrypt it first.
A. Transparent encryption
B. Symmetric-key encryption
C. Application-level encryption
正确
D. Homomorphic encryption


