1. Dynamic testing of software is perhaps most useful for__________.

试题解析： Running the software and allowing users to operate it is a great form of dynamic testing, which simulates both known good and known bad inputs.Dynamic testing does not involve source code review or social engineering; options B and C are incorrect.Penetration tests occur in the production environment, not on pre-deployment software; option D is incorrect.
A. Simulating negative test cases
正确
B. Finding errors in the source code
C. Determining the effect of social engineering
D. Penetration tests


2. Software development should be perceived as______.

试题解析：It is important to consider soft ware development as having a defined process and an eventual endpoint for the useful life of the product.
Not every organization is a software development company. Even in software development companies, not everyone participates in development (there are other departments/offices, such as sales, accounting, etc.). Option A is a poor choice.
Option B is only a correct answer if the organization is a software development company.
Otherwise, it is not a correct answer. Option B is incorrect.
If software development poses the most significant risk to your organization, you probably shouldn&#39;t be doing software development. Option C is incorrect.
A. Including all members of the organization
B. The paramount goal of the organization
C. The greatest risk to the organization
D. A lifecycle
正确


3. The inclusion of security controls in the software design process is dictated by_____.

试题解析：ISO 27034 addresses the sets of controls used in software throughout the environment.
800-37 is the Risk Management Framework, which is about the organization&#39;s overall security, not software development, so option A is incorrect.
The AICPA is a standards-making body, not a standard itself, so option B is incorrect.
HIPAA deals with health care privacy, so option D is incorrect.
A. The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) 800-37
B. The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA)
C. ISO 27034
正确
D. The Heath Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)


4. Software that includes security elements from the outset of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) process will_____ .

试题解析：When security is created as an aspect of the software itself, there is less need to acquire and apply additional security controls to mitigate risks after deployment. Option B is also wrong for this same reason.
Options C and D are incorrect because the inclusion of security aspects in software design should not affect interoperability in any significant way.
A. Be less expensive to operate securely in the production environment
正确
B. Be more expensive to operate securely in the production environment
C. Not be interoperable with other software and systems in the production environment
D. Have a greater likelihood of interoperability with other software and systems in the<br />
production environment


5. Software that includes security elements from the outset of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) process will be_____.

试题解析：It is important to verify and validate the program at each stage of the SDLC.
Adding functionality at each stage of the SDLC is the definition of scope creep, which is what we&#39;d like to avoid. Option A is incorrect.
Management should not have to shepherd software through the development process; this is the process of the development team. Option B is incorrect.
Option D makes no sense: you can&#39;t repurpose something that has just been developed.
A. More secure in deployment
正确
B. Less secure in deployment
C. More likely to malfunction
D. Less likely to malfunction


6. Which of the following should occur at each stage of the software development lifecycle (SDLC)?

试题解析：It is important to verify and validate the program at each stage of the SDLC.
Adding functionality at each stage of the SDLC is the definition of scope creep, which is what we&#39;d like to avoid. Option A is incorrect.
Management should not have to shepherd software through the development process; this is the process of the development team. Option B is incorrect.
Option D is a distractor and makes no actual sense.
A. Added functionality
B. Management review
C. Verification and validation
正确
D. Repurposing of any newly developed components


7. A cloud-based sandbox should not be used for______.

试题解析：Installing malware on systems owned by someone else may be illegal in many jurisdictions. While on-premises sandboxes are fine for this purpose, it may be a felony if performed in the cloud.
All the other options are good uses of cloud-based sandboxes.
A. Application interoperability testing
B. Processing sensitive data
C. Application security testing
D. Malware analysis
正确


8. Which of the following is an example of useful and sufficient data masking of the string &ldquo;CCSP&quot;?

试题解析：This answer requires some thought about how the original data is displayed and its properties.
Option A masks only one letter in a four-letter string; this is not sufficient because the original string could be identified with a very low-work factor, brute-force attack of only 26 possible combinations.
Option B is likewise easy to break; it only reverses the content of the string, which is very simple to determine, and would allow easy recovery of any other similar strings in the data set.
Option D mixes numeric characters into what was originally only an alphabetic string; this may detract from the utility of the string if the masked version is to be used for soft-ware testing.
Option C completely obscures the original content but retains the qualities of the original (all alphabetic characters). It may affect the use of the string by mixing uppercase and low-ercase, but this is still the best choice of the four possible answers.
A. XCSP
B. PSCC
C. TtLp
正确
D. 3X91


9. Merchants who accept credit card payments can avoid some of the compliance burden for the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) by outsourcing the tokenization function to_____.

试题解析：By offloading privacy data to a tokenizing third party, merchants can free themselves of the contractual burdens for protecting cardholder data at rest.
The data owner is the merchants themselves, and the data subject is the person to whom the privacy data applies, so privacy data cannot be outsourced to either of these, and options B and C are incorrect.
The PCI Council is the body that promulgates and enforces the PCI DSS; they will not process data on behalf of any merchant. Option D is incorrect.
A. A third party
正确
B. The data owner
C. The data subject
D. The PCI Security Standards Council


10. What can tokenization be used for?

试题解析：Aside from encryption, PCI DSS allows for tokenization as a means to protect account and cardholder data at rest.
Tokenization is not encryption; there is no encryption engine and no key involved in the process. Option A is incorrect.
Tokenization does not necessarily enhance or detract from the user experience; option C is incorrect.
Management is not allowed any additional oversight into any particular function by tokenization; option D is incorrect.
A. Eincryption
B. Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS)
正确
C. Enhancing the user experience
D. Giving management oversight to e-commerce functions


11. Web application firewalls and database activity monitors function at levels____and_____of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model, respectively.

试题解析：These are both Layer 7 tools. All the other answers are incorrect.
A. 1and 7
B. 7and1
C. 7and 7
正确
D. 3and4


12. A web application firewall (WAF) understands which protocol(s)?

试题解析：WAFs apply rulesets to web traffic, which uses HTTP. All the other answers are incorrect.
A. s All protocols that use the Internet as a medium
B. Transport Layer Security (TLS)
C. Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP)
正确
D. File Transfer Protocol (FTP)


13. Federation should be______ to the users.

试题解析：Federation allows ease of use for access to multiple resource providers; this provides a transparent user mechanism.
The goal of federation is to enhance the user experience, the exact opposite of making the environment more hostile to them.Option A is incorrect.
Option B is incorrect because it is meaningless in this context.
Option D is incorrect. Users typically do not pay for the organization&#39;s IT environment.
A. Hostile
B. Proportional
C. Transparent
正确
D. Expensive


14. Federation allows _____ across organizations.

试题解析：Federation allows users from multiple member organizations to access resources owned by various members.
All the other answers are simply not correct.
A. Role replication
B. Encryption
C. Policy
D. Access
正确


15. Access should be granted based on all of the following except_________.

试题解析：Performance should not determine who gets access to which data; all the other options are the factors for making this determination.
A. Policy
B. Business needs
C. Performance
正确
D. Acceptable risk


16. Access to specific data sets should be granted by__________.

试题解析：The data owner is most familiar with the risks and impacts associated with the data sets under their control.
The data subject may grant permission for a data owner to have the subject&#39;s data but will not govern the granular assignment of access rights. Option A is incorrect.
The data processor does not have the right to grant data access and must only act at the direction of the data owner. Option C is incorrect.
Regulators dictate how data must be secured, and possibly in what manner, but do not supervise explicit access to that data. Option D is incorrect.
A. The data subjects
B. The data owners
正确
C. The data processors
D. The data regulators


17. Whether in a cloud or traditional environment, it is important to implement both_____and____access controls.

试题解析：Both physical and logical controls are possible (and necessary) to implement in both environments.
Options A and B are really only feasible if the organization is using a cloud service (or other managed service); the terms managed and provider suggest this. This makes these options less desirable for a quest ion that also includes the traditional environment.
It is not reasonable to expect that the organization can impose administrative controls in a cloud environment (for the provider environment), so option D is not correct.
A. Internal and managed
B. Provider and customer
C. Physical and logical
正确
D. Administrative and technical


18. _________is perhaps the main external factor driving identity and access management (IAM) efforts.

试题解析：Regulatory compliance has historically driven IAM efforts. All the other options can to some extent drive IAM efforts, however, they do not have as much influence as regulatory factors. Therefore options B, C, and D are incorrect answers.
A. Regulation
正确
B. Business need
C. The evolving threat landscape
D. Monetary value


19. You implement identity and access management (IAM) in order to control access between subjects and objects. What is the ultimate purpose of this effort?

试题解析：Accountability is the end purpose of all IAM efforts; all the other options are the elements of IA M that support this effort.
A. Identification. Determine who the specific, individual subjects are.
B. Authentication. Verify and validate any identification assertions.
C. Authorization. Grant subjects permissions to objects once they&#39;ve been authenticated.
D. Accountability. Be able to reconstruct a narrative of who accessed what.
正确


20. Users in your organization have been leveraging application programming interfaces (APIs) for enhancing their productivity in the cloud environment. To ensure that you are securing API access to the production environment, you should deploy_____and____.

试题解析：Cryptography for the two main types of APIs is required; this is TLS for representational state transfer (REST) and message-level encryption for Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP).
SSL has been deprecated because of severe vulnerabilities; this eliminates options A and C.
Whole drive encryption protects against loss or theft of a device but does not secure API access to the data, which eliminates option D.
A. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and message -level cryptography
B. Transport Layer Security (TLS) and message Ievel cryptography
正确
C. SSL and whole drive encryption
D. TLS and whole drive encryption


21. You are the security manager for an online retail sales company with 100 employees and a production environment hosted in a platform as a service (PaaS) model with a major cloud prov ider. According to your company policies, personnel are allowed to work equally from the company offices and their own homes or other locations, using their personal IT devices. The policies also allow users to select which application programming interfaces (APls) they install and use on their own devices in order to access and manipulate company data. Of the following, what is a security control you&#39;d like to implement to offset the risk(s) incurred by this practice?

试题解析：Additional user training would be helpful in this situation, particularly any information that helps users understand the reasons APIs from unknown sources might be less secure and the potential impacts from using them.
All the other answers are incorrect; securing the connection between endpoints and the cloud is irrelevant in protecting against risks caused by software installed on the client devices.
A. Enact secure connections between the user devices and the cloud environment using&nbsp;end-to- end encryption.
B. Enact secure connections between the user devices and the cloud environment using link encryption.
C. Employ additional user training.
正确
D. Tunnel all connections with a virtual private network (VPN)。


22. You are the security manager for an online retail sales company with 100 employees and a production environment hosted in a platform as a service (PaaS) model with a major cloud provider. According to your company policies, personnel are allowed to work equally from the company offices and their own homes or other locations, using their personal IT devices. The policies also allow users to select which application programming interfaces (APIs) they install and use on their own devices in order to access and manipulate company data. Of the following, what is a security control you&#39;d like to implement to offset the risk(s) incurred by this practice?

试题解析：In order to detect possible erroneous or malicious modification of the organization&#39;s data by unauthorized or security-deficient APls, it&#39;s important to take representative samples of the production data on a continual basis and perform integrity checks.
Additional personnel security measures will not, in this case, yield any relevant security benefit; options B and D are not correct.
It is always good to refer to regulations in policies; this isn&#39;t something to be performed in response to the policy change but should have been included when the policy was created.
Option C is incorrect.
A. Regular and widespread integrity checks on sampled data throughout the managed environment
正确
B. More extensive and granular background checks on all employees, particularly new hires
C. Inclusion of references to all applicable regulations in the policy documents
D. Increased enforcement of separation of duties for all workflows


23. You are the security manager for an online retail sales company with 100 employees and a production environment hosted in a platform as a service (PaaS) model with a major cloud provider, According to your company policies, personnel are allowed to work equally from the company offices and their own homes or other locations, using their personal IT devices. The policies also allow users to select which application programming interfaces (APIs) they install and use on their own devices in order to access and manipulate company data. Of the following, what is a security control you&#39;d like to implement to offset the risk(s) incurred by this practice?

试题解析：Because untrusted APIs may not be secured sufficiently, increased vigilance for the possibility of introducing malware into the production environment is essential.
It is impossible to encrypt devices that don&#39;t belong to the organization. Option A is incorrect.
Securing access to user-owned devices is admirable, but it has no effect at all on secur-ing the device (or production environment) from risks due to installed APIs; option C is incorrect.
This is a security question, and option D addresses performance; this is incorrect.
A. Encrypt all routers between mobile users and the cloud.
B. Use additional anti-malware detection capabilities on both user devices and the environment to which they connect.
正确
C. Implement strong multifactor authentication on all user. owned devices.
D. Employ regular performance monitoring in the cloud environment to ensure that the cloud provider is meeting the service level agreement (SLA) targets.


24. You are the security manager for an online retail sales company with 100 employees and a production environment hosted in a platform as a service (PaaS) model with a major cloud provider. According to your company policies, personnel are allowed to work equally from the company offices and their own homes or other locations, using their personal IT devices. The policies also dictate which application programming interfaces (APls) can be utilized to access and manipulate company data and the process for getting an API added to the list of approved programs. You conduct an approved scan of the company data set in the cloud, with the provider&#39;s permission. This allows you to catalog all APIs that have accessed and manipulated company data through authorized user accounts in the last month. The scan reveals that 300 different APIs were used by authorized personnel.Of these, 30 had been approved by the company and were on the list. As a subject matter expert, what should you also recommend to the chief executive officer (CEO)?

试题解析：APIs chosen by users may or may not have integral security and probably weren&#39;t chosen according to how secure they are; because the company will continue to be exposed to additional risks from these (and future) APIs, additional security controls are absolutely necessary.
However, personnel act ions and draconian enforcement efforts at this point would be pointless and vindictive, and probably counter to the company&#39;s interests. Options A,B, and C are incorrect.
A. Reward the users who committed the infractions, for aiding the company even when they were violating the policy.
B. Replace all the personnel that violated the policy, and have the new personnel use the new policy from their start of hire.
C. Restrict user access to possible APIs.
D. Augment the current set of security controls used by the company in order to offset risks posed by the anticipated use of even more APIs from unknown sources.
正确


25. You are the security manager for an online retail sales company with 100 employees and a production environment hosted in a platform as a service (PaaS) model with a major cloud provider. According to your company policies, personnel are allowed to work equally from the company offices and their own homes or other locations, using their personal IT devices. The policies also dictate which application programming interfaces (APIs) can be utilized to access and manipulate company data and the process for getting an API added to the list of approved programs. You conduct an approved scan of the company data set in the cloud, with the provider&#39;s permission. This allows you to catalog all APIs that have accessed and manipulated company data through authorized user accounts in the last month. The scan reveals that 300 different APIs were used by authorized personnel. Of these, 30 had been approved by the company and were on the list. Upon performing an information-gathering investigation at the behest of the chief executive officer (CEO), you determine that these APIs increased productivity 387 percent over the period since they were adopted, at a cost that is negligible compared to getting even one API through the company&#39;s current approval process. What is your suggestion on how to handle the situation?

试题解析：It&#39;s hard to argue with success; operational capability and security are always a trade-off, but this kind of productivity increase with little attendant cost is probably too good to pass up. It also seems evident that the existing policy is far too restrictive and limiting and that it is not being accepted by a significant number of users; trying to mandate its acceptance, and enforcing it with punitive measures, especially in the face of the overwhelming success of the violations, is most likely counter to the company&#39;s overall interests. It is best to revisit the policy itself, determine why it didn&#39;t meet user needs originally, and modify it so as to meet the demands of both the users and senior management (as well as whatever other externalities may have been the foundation of the policy). Options A, B, and C may be attractive, but they are all less preferable than D.
A. Retroactively put all the APIs currently in use through the formal approval process, and require that all future APIs users want to install also get approved.
B. Have the CEO waive formal approval processing for all APIs currently in use,granting them approval, but require all future APIs be approved through that process.
C. Punish all employees who have installed or used any of the rogue APIs for violating company policy.
D. Change the policy.
正确


26. You are the security manager for an online retail sales company with 100 employees and a production environment hosted in a platform a a service (PaaS) model with a major cloud provider. According to your company policies, personnel are allowed to work equally from the company offices and their own homes or other locations, using their personal IT devices. The policies also dictate which application programming interfaces (APIs) can be used to access and manipulate company data and the process for getting an API added to the list of approved programs. You conduct an approved scan of the company data set in the cloud, with the provider&#39;s permission. This allows you to catalog all APIs that have accessed and manipulated company data through authorized user accounts in the last month. The scan reveals that 300 different APIs were used by authorized personnel. Of these, 30 had been approved by the company and were on the list. You&#39;ve brought the matter to the attention of the chief executive officer (CEO), who understands the issue and asks for your recommendation. What is probably the best suggestion?

试题解析：Again, before taking any action that might impact operations, it would probably be best to figure out the actual user needs being met by the unapproved APIs, and the severity of impact if they were removed from service, before performing the actions described in options B, C, and D.
A. Gather more data about how users are utilizing the APIs and for what purposes.
正确
B. Delete accounts of all users who had utilized unapproved APIs to access company data.
C. Suspend access for all users who had utilized unapproved APIs to access company data.
D. Block all unapproved APIs from accessing company data.


27. You are the security manager for an online retail sales company with 100 employees and a production environment hosted in a platform as a service (PaaS) model with a major cloud provider. According to your company policies, personnel are allowed to work equally from the company offices and their own homes or other locations, using their personal IT devices. The policies also dictate which application programming interfaces (APIs) can be used to access and manipulate company data and the process for getting an API added to the list of approved programs. You conduct an approved scan of the company data set in the cloud, with the provider&#39;s permission. This allows you to catalog all APIs that have accessed and manipulated company data through authorized user accounts in the last month. The scan reveals that 300 different APIs were used by authorized personnel. Of these, 30 had been approved by the company and were on the list. Of the following, what is the most reasonable immediate action?

试题解析：The problem in this case is not so much that policies have been violated or that, in a
more literal sense, the unapproved APIs are being used to access the data, the problem is that the violations are so pervasive and extensive that taking any immediate direct action (such as the responses in options A, B, and C) might interfere with business activity in a drastic and potentially harmful way. Because of this, the matter needs to be dealt with as a business decision and requires that senior management make a determination before action is taken.
A. Delete accounts of all users who had utilized unapproved APIs to access company data.
B. Suspend access for all users who had utilized unapproved APIs to access company data.
C. Block all unapproved APIs from accessing company data.
D. Notify whomever you report to in the company hierarchy, and suggest bringing the matter to the attention of senior management immediately.
正确


28. A cloud environment that lacks security controls is vulnerable to exploitation, data loss,and interruptions. Conversely, excessive use of security controls _____.

试题解析：If excessive controls impact the user/customer experience to the ex tent that system response speeds and results are delayed significantly, and performance is degraded to the point where competitors&#39; systems are far superior, customer dissatisfaction can be a severe problem.
Some security controls (particularly physical controls) can affect health and human safety, such as if extraneous fencing/walls/barriers are put in place to control access/egress, and this hinders emergency escape from facilities. However, not all security controls pose this risk, so option B is a bit too specific; option A is still preferable.
Security controls should not affect stock price or, in and of themselves, negate insurance needs (risk mitigation does not automatically offset the benefits of risk transference).
Options C and D are incorrect.
A. Can lead to customer dissatisfaction
正确
B. Is a risk to health and human safety
C. Brings down the organization&#39;s stock price
D. Negates the need for insurance


29. A cloud environment that lacks security controls is vulnerable to exploitation, data loss,and interruptions. Conversely, excessive use of security controls_____.

试题解析：From a simple financial perspective (which is often the managerial perspective), money spent on excessive anything is money wasted; spending to no good effect is detrimental.
Overuse of controls should not result in greater risks of DDoS, malware, or environmental threats in any way. Options A, B, and C are incorrect.
A. Can lead to distributed denial of service (DDoS)
B. Allows malware infections
C. Increases the risk of adverse environmental effects
D. Is an unnecessary expense
正确


30. A cloud environment that lacks security controls is vulnerable to exploitation, data loss,and interruptions. Conversely, excessive use of security controls_____.

试题解析：Security and operations are always inversely related; excessive controls necessarily degrade performance.
Excessive use of controls should not lead to more data breaches; if anything, it may reduce their occurrence. However, it is more likely that there will be no effect. Option A is incorrect.
Many controls don&#39;t affect the electrom agnetic spectrum in any way. Option B is incorrect.
Regulations don&#39;t usually mandate a maximum set of controls but rather a minimum.
Option D is incorrect.
A. Can lead to data breaches
B. Causes electromagnetic interference
C. Will affect quality of service
正确
D. Can cause regulatory noncompliance


31. In software development lifecycle (SDLC) implementations that include a Secure Operations phase, which of the following security techniques or tools are implemented during that phase?

试题解析：Once the system is deployed operationally, continuous security monitoring, including periodic vulnerability assessments and penetration testing, is recommended. All the other options are security functions that should take place in phases prior to the system&#39;s deployment.
A. Vulnerability assessments and penetration testing
正确
B. Performance testing and security control validation
C. Requirements fulfillment testing
D. Threat modeling and secure design review


32. At which phase of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) is it probably most useful to involve third-party personnel?

试题解析：During testing, getting out side perspective is invaluable, for both performance and security purposes; internal development and review capabilities are enhanced by augmentation from external parties.
All the other phases are not normally appropriate for external participation.
A. Define
B. Design
C. Develop
D. Test
正确


33. At which phase of the software development lifecycle (SDLC should security personnel first be involved?

试题解析：The earlier security inputs are included in the project, the more efficient and less costly security controls are overall. The Define phase is the earliest part of the SDLC. All the other options are later phases and incorrect.
A. Define
正确
B. Design
C. Develop
D. Test


34. At which phase of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) is user involvement most crucial?

试题解析：While some development models allow for user involvement in the entirety of the process, user input is most necessary in the Define phase, where developers can understand the business/user requirements - -what the system/software is actually supposed to produce, in terms of function and performance. All the other options are beneficial phases to gauge user input, but not as crucial as option A.
A. Define
正确
B. Design
C. Develop
D. Test


35. Which security technique is most preferable when creating a limited functionality for customer service personnel to review account data related to sales made to your clientele?

试题解析：Masking allows customer service representatives to review clients&#39; sales and account information without revealing the entirety of those records (for instance, obscuring credit card mu mbers except for the last four digits).
Anonymization strips out identifying information from a record. This would not aid in limiting customer service personnel from viewing sensitive data, but it would make it impossible for customer service personnel to know who they were communicating with and leave them unable to identify customers, which would defeat the purpose of their exis-tence. Option A is incorrect.
Encryption of sales/account records would not limit customer service personnel in their review of account records. It would either disallow them to see the records at all or allow them to see the entirety of the records (depending on whether the representatives were given keys to that encrypted data). Option C is incorrect.
Training does not limit access option D is incorrect.
A. Anonymization
B. Masking
正确
C. Encryption
D. Training


36. Software developers should receive cloud-specific training that highlights the challenges involved with having a production environment that operates in the cloud. One of these challenges is_______________.

试题解析：Because shared resources in the cloud may me an increased opportunity for side-channel attacks, developers will have to design programs to function in a way that ensures process isolation.
Management oversight should not change from a policy perspective, regardless of where the processing is ta king place; option A is incorrect.
There is no additional workload resulting from cloud migration; in fact, the load should decrease, because the cloud customer cannot impose governance on the cloud provider.
Option B is wrong.
Malware threat does not increase or decrease in the cloud environment; option C is incorrect.
A. Lack of management oversight
B. Additional workload in creating governance for two environments (the cloud data center and client devices)
C. Increased threat of malware
D. The need for process isolation
正确


37. Software developers should receive cloud- specific training that highlights the challenges involved with having a production environment that operates in the cloud. One of these challenges is_____.

试题解析：Because cloud operations are so dependent on encryption protections in all data life-cycle phases, developers will have to accommodate the additional overhead and interoperability encryption requires.
The hacking threat (foreign or otherwise) does not change whet her the target is the cloud or the (connected) traditional environment; option A is incorrect.
Likewise, the threat of DDoS at tacks does not increase; if any thing, it may decrease, because the cloud prov der may be more resistat to such at tacks than individual organiza-tions would be. Option C is not correct.
Regulatory requirements may or may not change w hen moving into the cloud. Moreover, developers are not likely to be the ones interpreting and responding to these new man-dates; that is a level of abstraction above developer insight into software requirements.
Option D is not preferable to B.
A. The massive additional hacking threat, especially from foreign sources
B. The prevalent use of encryption in all data life cycle phases
正确
C. Drastic increase of risk due to distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks
D. Additional regulatory mandates


38. Why is cloud security training particularly important for software developers?

试题解析：Modern developers usually aren&#39;t writing code- they are recombining library components in novel ways to create new functionality. They may not understand the security risks associated with their work, especially for the cloud environment, which entails a different set of challenges from the traditional environment, which the developers might be more familiar with.
Options A and B are actually the same concept, reworded, which is patently untrue: depending on the cloud deployment and service models the organization chooses to use,soft ware developers may or may not be crucial (for instance, in a software as a service [SaaS] public cloud, many organizations won&#39;t even need internal development teams).
Option C is just wrong: security controls can be added to software after it has been fielded. This is just not a best practice, as it is usually less effective and more expensive (in terms of both money and overhead).
A. Software developers are the mainstay of every cloud environment.
B. You can&#39;t have a cloud environment without software developers.
C. Security controls cannot be added to software after the fact and must be included from the very first steps of software development.
D. Many modern software developers don&#39;t understand how the code underlying the libraries they use actually works.
正确


39. Awareness training is typically for___________.

试题解析：Awareness efforts are usually intended to re ach as wide an audience as possible within the organization, for generalized information. For instance, fire drills are awareness exercises; everyone in the facility needs to know how to get out and where to go.
Specific personnel, management personnel, and HR personnel would all receive task-centric training in addition to the awareness instruction that all personnel receive.
Options B, C, and D are incorrect.
A. All personnel
正确
B. Specific personnel
C. Management personnel
D. HR personnel


40. Task-centric training is typically for __________.

试题解析：Training is usually a formal process involving detailed information. This is for those personnel who are involved with the specific topic or task for which the training is intended (for example, personnel involved in business continuity and disaster recovery [BC/DR] activities should get specific, detailed training on how to perform those actions).
Option A incorrect because not all personnel require task-centric training. Training required for all personnel in an organization cannot be task-centric training, by definition (not all personnel perform the same tasks).
Options C and D are incorrect because they would only answer a subset of the question.
Management personnel would receive management training and HR personnel would receive HR training. The correct answer is task-centric training is for specific personnel.
A. All personnel
B. Specific personnel
正确
C. Management personnel
D. HR personnel


41. Training programs should be tracked and monitored in order to fulfill both_____and____ requirements. Choose the best response.

试题解析：This is not a simple question, and more than one answer could be construed as correct, but option B is the best answer. Tracking and monitoring personnel training is absolutely vital in order to demonstrate regulatory requirements (and many, if not all, organizations are obligated to comply with some regulation that mandates user training) and legal requirements (as an element of due diligence in the modern workplace).
Option A is the other answer that could be perceived as accurate, but there is a bit of nuance that makes it less preferable than B. Security is a business requirement- -it may not be a functioral requirement, but it is a requirement nonetheless. Therefore, these two terms are repetitive; security requirements are just a subset of business requirements.
Option B is still the better answer.
Options C and D do not make sense in this context.
A. Business, security
B. Regulatory, legal
正确
C. User, managerial
D. Vendor, supplier


42. Software security testing should involve both known good and known bad data in order to simulate both_____and______.

试题解析：Known good data is used to determine if the software fulfills the business requirements for which it was acquired. Known bad data tests the ability of the software to handle inputs and conditions that might put it into a fail state; these inputs and conditions can be invoked either purposefully (by attackers) or inadvertently (by users who make mistakes).
Testing does not attempt to mimic managers, regulators, or vendors, so the other answers are incorrect.
A. Managers, users
B. Regulators, users
C. Vendors, users
D. Users, attackers
正确


43. Dynamic software security testing typically uses_____as a measure of how thorough the testing was.

试题解析：In dynamic software security testing, the objective is to test a significant sample of the possible logical paths from data input to output.
User coverage is a distractor and has no real meaning in this context; option A is incorrect.
Code coverage is the metric used in static testing, making option B incorrect.
While it would be nice to test each and every data pathway through an application, with both known good and known bad data, that could be unrealistic, depending on the num-ber of possible branches in the application; this goes up exponentially every time another option/choice is added to the program. Total coverage is not a metric- it&#39;s a hope. Option D is incorrect.
A. User coverage
B. Code coverage
C. Path coverage
正确
D. Total coverage


44. Static software security testing typically uses_____as a measure of how thorough the testing was.

试题解析：This metric is usually expressed as a percentage of lines of code. For example,&ldquo;SASTcovered 90% of the source code.&quot;
The number of testers involved means very little when discussing testing coverage; this is a distractor and not correct.
In some cases, testing reports might include a statistic representing the number of flaws discovered in the code; however, this is usually not a pertinent metric (undetected flaws can&#39;t be measured, so counting the ones that have doesn&#39;t add to your surety the code is secure), and code coverage is used more often. Option C is preferable to option B.
Testing should first occur in an env ironment where the software has not even been exposed to the possibility of malware infection. Option D is incorrect.
A. Number of testers
B. Flaws detected
C. Code coverage
正确
D. Malware hits


45. According to Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) recommendations,active software security testing should include all of the following except______.

试题解析：Intuition testing is not part of the OWASP guide to active security testing. All of the other options are included in the OWASP guide to active security testing.
A. Business logic testing
B. Client-side testing
C. Intuition testing
正确
D. Information gathering


46. According to Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) recommendations, active software security testing should include all of the following except_____.

试题解析：While session management testing is included in the OWASP guide to active software security testing, session initiation is not. All of the other options are included in the OWASP guide to active security testing.
A. Session initiation testing
正确
B. Input validation testing
C. Testing for error handling
D. Testing for weak cryptography


47. According to Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) recommendations, active software security testing should include all of the following except_________.

试题解析：Privacy review testing is not included in the OWASP guide to active security testing, although it might be included as an aspect of compliance testing (for organizations in highly regulated industries). All of the other options are included in the OWASP guide to active security testing.
A. Authentication testing
B. Authorization testing
C. Session management testing
D. Privacy review testing
正确


48. According to Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) recommendations, active software security testing should include all of the following except_____.

试题解析：User surveys are not an element of active security testing, although they might be used in acceptance testing. All of the other options are included in the OWASP guide to active security testing.
A. Information gathering
B. User surveys
正确
C. Configuration and deployment management testing
D. Identity management testing


49. Dynamic software security testing should include____________.

试题解析：Also called fuzz testing, dynamic testing methods should include known bad inputs in order to determine how the program will handle the&ldquo;wrong&quot; data (will it fail into a state that is less secure than normal operations, etc.).
Source code review is not part of dynamic testing; option A is incorrect.
For accurate quality testing, user familiarity with the target soft ware should be minimal and should not be assessed; option B is not correct.
Penetration includes active steps to overcome security measures; this is rarely the purpose of software testing; option C is not the best answer.
A. Source code review
B. User training
C. Penetration testing
D. Known bad data
正确


50. Penetration testing is a(n)____form of security assessment.

试题解析：A penetration test requires the tester to analyze the security of an env ironment from the perspective of an attacker; this also includes actually taking action that would result in breaching that environment.
Penetration tests may or may not be comprehensive, depending on the intended scope and area of analysis. Option B is incorrect.
While it&#39;s nice to think of any security assessment as total, that is an extreme term, like all or never; such terms can rarely be used in security because there are no absolutes when dealing with risk, and it has no meaning in this context. Option C is not correct.
Although the cost of a penetration test will vary according to a vast range of variables, it will rarely be considered inexpensive, especially relative to other forms of security testing.
Option D is not correct.
A. Active
正确
B. Comprehensive
C. Total
D. Inexpensive


51. Due to their reliance on vulnerability signatures, vulnerability scanners will not detect____.

试题解析：Because vulnerability scanning tools require vulnerability signatures to operate effectively, unknown vulnerabilities that might exist in the scanned system won&#39;t be detected (no signature has been created by vendors until a vulnerability is known). User errors are not detected by vulnerability scans; option A is incorrect. Scans can&#39;t tell you whether you&#39;ve picked the optimum security controls for your environment; option B is incorrect. Vulnerability scanning tools may or may not detect cloud-based vulnerabilities, depending on the tool used, the level of access to the target environment, and the settings applied to the scanner; option C is less accurate than option D.
A. User error
B. Improper control selection
C. Cloud vulnerabilities
D. Unknown vulnerabilities
正确


52. Vulnerability scans are dependent on_____in order to function.

试题解析：Vulnerability scans use signatures of known vulnerabilities to detect and report those Vulnerabilities.
Vulnerability scans do not typically require administrative access to function; option A is incorrect.
Both maIware libraries and forensic analysis of existing vulnerabilities may be used to create the signatures that vulnerability scanning tools utilize to detect and report vulner-abilities; however, these answers are too specific (limiting the answer), making option B a better answer than either C or D.
A. Privileged access
B. Vulnerability signatures
正确
C. Malware libraries
D. Forensic analysis


53. Dynamic application security testing (DAST) checks software functionality in____________.

试题解析：DAST is performed while the application is running.
Software testing should not take place in the production environment; option A is incorrect.
DAST, like other forms of testing, may or may not ta ke place in the cloud and is not con-fined to any particular service model (although it is unlikely to occur in software as a ser-vice [SaaS] environments); options C and D are incorrect.
A. The production environment
B. A runtime state
正确
C. The cloud
D. An laas configuration


54. Dynamic application security testing (DAST) is usually considered a_____form of testing.

试题解析：DAST is often referred to as black-box testing.
White-box testing requires the tester to have access to source code, which is not provided in DAST. Option A is therefore incorrect.
Option C is a combination of black-box and white-box testing so option C is an incorrect answer for this question.
Option D has no meaning in this context.
A. White -box
B. Black-box
正确
C. Gray-box
D. Parched fiel


55. Static application security testing (SAST) examines_________.

试题解析：In SAST, testers review the source code of an application in order to determine security flaws and operational errors.
While determining &quot;soft ware outcomes&quot; may be considered a possible goal of SAST, &ldquo;source code&quot; is a much better answer as it is more specific and applicable to the question.
Option D is still preferable.
SAST does not check user performance or system durability; options B and C are incorrect.
A. Software outcomes
B. User performance
C. System durability
D. Source code
正确


56. Static application security testing (SAST) is usually considered a____form of testing.

试题解析：SAST is often referred to as white-box testing.
Black-box testing does not include access to source code, which is required for SAST.
Option B is therefore incorrect.
Option C is a combination of black-box and white-box testing so option C is an incorrect answer for this question.
Option D has no meaning in this context.
A. White-box
正确
B. Black-box
C. Gray-box
D. Parched field


57. Under ISO 27034, every application within a given organization will have an attendant set of controls assigned to it; the controls for a given application are listed in the_____.

试题解析：Each application in an organization compliant with ISO 27034 will be assigned an Application Normative Framework (ANF), which lists all the controls assigned to that application.
Technically, the controls for each application within an organization compliant with ISO 27034 will be listed in the Organizational Normative Framework (ONF), because the
ONF is the list of all controls for all applications; however, for a given application, only the controls used for that application are listed in an ANF, so option B is a preferable answer to A.
TTF (time to failure) has no meaning in this context, so option C is incorrect.
FTP (File Transfer Protocol) is a protocol for transferring files and not applicable here; option D is incorrect.
A. ONF
B. ANF
正确
C. TTF
D. FTP


58. Any organization that complies with ISO 27034 will have a maximum of_____ Organizational Normative Framework(s) (ONF)(s).

试题解析：ISO 27034 dictates that an organization will have a collection of security controls used for all soft ware within that organization; this collection is called the ONF.
AIl the other options are distractors and incorrect.
A. 0
B. 1
正确
C. 5
D. 25


59. Application virtualization can typically be used for___________.

试题解析：Application virtualization allows the software to run on a simulated environment on the device without the need to install it on the device.
Virtualization really doesn&#39;t have anything to do with access control; option A is incorrect.
Virtualization neither detects nor responds to DDoS; option B is incorrect.
Virtualization does not replace encryption; if data needs to be secure within the virtualiza-tion environment, encryption may still have to be utilized. Option C is incorrect.
A. Denying access to untrusted users
B. Detecting and mitigating distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks
C. Replacing encryption as a necessary control
D. Running an application on an endpoint without insalling it
正确


60. Application virtualization can typically be used for___________

试题解析：Virtualized applications can run on plat forms that wouldn&#39;t otherwise allow them to function, such as running Microsoft apps on a Linux box.
Because the virtualization engine encapsulates the application from the native runtime environment, patches can&#39;t be applied through virtualized programs; option B is incorrect.
Virtualization really doesn&#39;t have anything to do with access control; option C is incorrect.
The overhead of running a software virtualization engine will actually add to system over-head, not decrease it, so option D is incorrect.
A. Running an application in a non-native environment
正确
B. Installing updates to a system&#39;s operating system (OS)
C. Preventing escalation of privilege by untrusted users
D. Enhancing performance of systems


61. Sandboxing can often be used for_____.

试题解析：Software that has either been purchased from a vendor or developed internally can be tested in a sandboxed environment that mimics the production environment in order to determine whether there will be any interoperability problems when it is installed into actual production.
All the other options aren&#39;t uses for sandboxes and are incorrect.
A. Testing user awareness and training
B. Testing security response capabilities
C. Testing software before putting it into production
正确
D. Testing regulatory response to new configurations and modifications


62. Sandboxing can often be used for ______.

试题解析：A sandbox can be used to run maIware for analysis purposes as it won&#39;t affect (or infect) the production environment; it&#39;s worth noting, though, that some malware is sandbox-aware, so additional anti-malware measures are advisable.
Options A, B, and D are not correct because the sandbox should be completely discon-nected (air-gapped) from the production environment so that users can&#39;t perform produc-tive activity there.
A. Optimizing the production environment by moving processes that are not frequently&nbsp;used into the sandbox
B. Allowing secure remote access for users who need resources in the cloud environment
C. Running malware for analysis purposes
正确
D. Creating secure subnets of the production environment


63. Why do developers have an inherent conflict of interest in testing software they&#39;ve created?

试题解析：This is the definition of&ldquo;conflict of interest.&quot;
All the other answers are incorrect.
A. They are notoriously bad, as a group, at testing.
B. They work for the same department as the testing personnel.
C. They have a vested interest in having the software perform well.
正确
D. They are never trained on testing procedures.


64. The employment of users in dynamic software testing should best be augmented by_____.

试题解析：Users may not offer enough coverage for larger soft ware products that have a great deal of functionality; it can be useful to also use automated agents to checks paths that users might not often attempt or utilize.
The developers should not be involved in any form of testing the software as they have an inherent conflict of interest, so options A and B are incorrect.
Dynamic testing does not involve social engineering; option D is incorrect.
A. Having the developers review the code
B. Having the developers perform dynamic testing
C. Using automated agents to perform dynamic testing
正确
D. Social engineering


65. &nbsp;A virtual private network (VPN) is used to protect data in transit by_____.

试题解析：A VPN is a temporary, synthetic encrypted tunnel between two endpoints (often a client and a server).
Option A is subtly misleading; the VPN secures the connection between two endpoints,not the ends of the connection. This option is incorrect.
Option C is not correct; VPN is not used for encrypting databases- it is used for encrypt-ing communications.
Option D is incorrect; the symmetric key used in VPN is shared only between two parties (the endpoints), and the elements of the asymmetric key pair are either held by only one party (the owner of each private key) or by anyone at all (public key).
A. Securing each end of a client server connection
B. Creating an encrypted tunnel between two endpoints
正确
C. Encrypting databases
D. Restricting key access to only eight parties


66. Transport Layer Security (TLS) uses a new_____ for each secure connection.

试题解析：TLS uses symmetric key crypto for each communications session in order to secure the connection; the session key is uniquely generated each time a new connection is made.
Options B and C are names for another type of encryption. Asymmetric encryption is also used in establishing a secure TLS connect ion; however, the keys used in this portion of the process will not change from session to session, and therefore these options are incorrect.
Option D is a nonsense term and is therefore incorrect.
A. Symmetric key
正确
B. Asymmetric key
C. Pubic private key pair
D. Inverse comparison


67. Transport Layer Security (TLS) provides_____and_____for communications.

试题解析：TLS maintains the confidentiality and integrity of communications, often between a web browser and a server,In this context, privacy and security mean much the same thing; privacy is synonymous with confidentiality, which is a subset of the overall topic of security. Therefore, option A is repetitive and not correct.
TLS does not optimize performance or add any sort of enhancement, so options B and D are incorrect.
A. Privacy, security
B. Security, optimization
C. Privacy, integrity
正确
D. Enhancement, privacy


68. Firewalls can detect attack traffic by using all these methods except_____.

试题解析：While it would be wonderful, for security purposes, to know the identity of attackers before or while they&#39;re making an attack, this is information the attacker doesn&#39;t usually share.
All the other options are met hods firewalls can use to recognize attacks.
A. Known past behavior in the environment
B. Identity of the malicious user
正确
C. Point of origination
D. Signature matching


69. To deploy a set of microservices to clients instead of building one monolithic application,it is best to use a(n)_____to coordinate client requests.

试题解析：An API gateway translates requests from clients into multiple requests to many microservices and delivers the content as a whole via an API it assigns to that client/session.
XML gateways, WAFs, and DAMs are also tools used frequently in cloud-based enter-prises, but they do not handle microservice requests in a meaningful way.
A. Extensible Markup language (XML) gateway
B. Application programming interface (API) gateway
正确
C. Web application firewall (WAF)
D. Database activity monitor (DAM)


70. Which security tool can perform content inspection of Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) communications?

试题解析：The XML gateway can provide this functionality; it acts as a reverse proxy and can perform content inspection on many traffic protocols.
The WAF and DAM are also security tools that inspect traffic but do not usually handle SFTP content, so options A and B are incorrect.
Option D, single sign-on, concerns authentication functions, not communications traffic,and is only a distractor in this context.
A. Web application firewall (WAF)
B. Database activity monitor (DAM)
C. Extensible Markup Language (XML) gateway
正确
D. Single sign-on (SSO)


71. Database activity monitors (DAMs) can be used to reduce the potential success of_____attacks.

试题解析：DAMs can be used to reduce the possibility that SQL injection attacks will be successful.DAMs do not protect against cross-site scripting, insecure direct-object reference, or social engineering attacks in any way, so options B, C, and D are incorrect.
A. SQL injection
正确
B. Cross site scripting
C. Insecure direct object reference
D. Social engineering


72. A database activity monitor (DAM) tool usually operates at Layer_____of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model.

试题解析：A DAM is a Layer 7 tool.
All the other options are incorrect.
A. 2
B. 3
C. 7
正确
D. Q


73. WAFs can be used to reduce the likelihood that_____attacks will be successful.

试题解析：WAFs can be used to attenuate the possibility that cross-site scriping atacks will be successful.
WAFs do not protect against social engineering or physical attacks in any way, so options A and B are incorrect.
Option C is a nonsense term and is therefore incorrect,
A. Social engineering
B. Physical theft
C. Obverse inflection
D. Cross site scripting
正确


74. A web application firewall (WAF) can understand and act on_____traffic.

试题解析：WAFs recognize HTTP traffic and can respond to traffic that matches prohibited rulesets or conditions.
Option A is technically correct;a WAF can be given a ruleset that recognizes certain forms of attack traffic. However, this answer is too general, and D is a much better response for this question.
Options B and C are protocols not usually inspected by WAFs and are therefore incorrect.
A. Malicious
B. Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP)
C. Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP)
D. Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP)
正确


75. A web application firewall (WAF) usually operates at Layer_____of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model.

试题解析：A WAF is a Layer 7 tool.
All the other options are incorrect.
A. 2
B. 3
C. 7
正确
D. Q


76. Typically, multifactor authentication should be used____.

试题解析：Multifactor authentication should be considered for operations that have a significant risk or that deal with highly sensitive data (for instance, privileged user logins or when&nbsp;handling financial transactions)
Requiring multifactor authentication for every transaction is an undue burden on both the users and the systems and is a needless addition of extra overhead, so option A is incorrect.
All cloud access will entail remote login; this is a common operation, so adding multifac-tor authentication is an unnecessary burden in most cases. Option C is incorrect.
The decision to use multifactor authentication should be based on the risk of the operation and the sensitivity of the data, not on whether it takes place in the traditional or online environment, so option D is incorrect.
A. In every IT transaction
B. For high-risk operations and data that is particularly sensitive
正确
C. When remote users are logging into the cloud environment
D. Only in the traditional environment


77. Which of the following constitutes a multifactor authentication process or procedure?

试题解析：At the ATM, the customer will use the card (something you have) and enter a PIN (something you know). This is true multifactor authentication.
A password and PIN are both something you know, so option B is incorrect.
Using a voice sample and fingerprint are two forms of something you are, so option C is incorrect.
A birth certificate and credit card are both something you have, so option D is incorrect.
A. Using an automated teller machine (ATM) to get cash with your credit or debit card
正确
B. Using a password and personal identification number (PIN) to log into a website
C. Presenting a voice sample and fingerprint to access a secure facility
D. Displaying a birth certificate and a credit card


78. Authentication mechanisms typically include any or all of the following except_____.

试题解析：Because there is no transitive property of identification and authentication, knowing a trusted entity is not sufficient for validating an identity assertion.
All the other options are typical authentication mechanisms and so are incorrect.
A. Something you know
B. Someone you know
正确
C. Something you have
D. Something you are


79. Which of the following is a federation standard/protocol that does not rely on Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP), Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML), or Extensible Markup Language (XML)?

试题解析：Open ID Connect is a federation protocol that uses representational state transfer (REST) and JavaScript Object Notation (JSON); it was specifically designed with mobile apps in mind, instead of only web-based federation.
WS-Federation is a federation protocol that is part of the Ws- Security family of standards and reliant on Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP), so option A is incorrect.
Option C is incorrect;SOC 2 is a type of Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE) 18 audit report, not a federation standard.
OWASP is a volunteer group of and for web app developers, not a federation standard or protocol, so option D is incorrect.
A. WS-Federation
B. Open ID Connect
正确
C. Service Organization Control (SOC) 2
D. Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP)


80. All of the following are identity federation standards commonly found in use today except_______.

试题解析：PGP is an email encryption tool, not an identity federation standard. All the other options are federation standards.
A. WS-Federation
B. OpenID
C. OAuth (Open Authorization)
D. Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)
正确


81. Who should determine which users have access to which specific objects?

试题解析：The data owner is responsible for the disposition of the data under their control; this includes access decisions.
The cloud provider is not typically the data owner; option A is incorrect.
Ostensibly, senior management is the data owner (the organization, as a whole, is the legal owner of the data, and the senior managers are the legal representatives of the organiza-tion). However, in practice, this responsibility can be (and usually is) delegated down to a manageable level, where the data owner for a given data set understands it best and can provide a sufficiently granular control of that data set. This is rarely senior management and is more likely department heads, branch managers, or some other form of middle management. Option C is preferable to B.
System administrators will usually be the literal granters of access, insofar as admins will modify access control systems that allow or disallow access for specific individuals or roles. However, the sysadmin does not make the decision of who is granted access and instead responds to direction from data owners (middle management); again, option C is preferable to D.
A. The cloud provider
B. Senior management
C. Data owners
正确
D. System administrators


82. Access should be based on_________.

试题解析：Business needs and risk acceptable to senior management should drive all organizational decisions, including access. Specific user or object access will, of course, be delegated down from senior management to a manageable layer of the organization, but the principle applies.
This decision, however, should be informed by pertinent externalities, which include regu-latory mandates (option A), user requirements and management requests (option C), and, to some degree, the trade-off of performance and security (option D, and both character-istics should also be dictated by senior management as an aspect of acceptable risk). While these externalities and options all play a part in determining appropriate access, they are all subordinate to business needs and accept able risk, which are paramount; B is still the best answer to this question.
A. Regulatory mandates
B. Business needs and acceptable risk
正确
C. User requirements and management requests
D. Optimum performance and security provision


83. What is the major difference between authentication and authorization?

试题解析：This is the textbook definition of these terms. All the other options are incorrect answers.
A. Code verification/code implementation
B. Ildentity validation/access permission
正确
C. Inverse incantation/obverse instantiation
D. User access/privileged access


84. What is the most secure form of code testing and review?

试题解析：Obviously, using multiple forms of code review will produce more secure results than any one form of review, in the same way that having multiple forms of security controls (physical, logical, administrative, etc.) will provide better security than just one type.
The question is which is the&ldquo;most&quot; secure form of code testing and review. That would be the most extensive. Since the correct answer is a combination of open source and pro-prietary, the least secure would be least extensive. Option A is strictly open source so that is incorrect. Option C is neither open source nor proprietary, which is even less extensive.
Option C is incorrect. Proprietary/internal is also less extensive than Option D. So Option B is incorrect.
A. Open source
B. Proprietary/internal
C. Neither open source nor proprietary
D. Combination of open source and proprietary
正确


85. Some current software developers are not aware of security problems within the programs they&#39;re creating because _______.

试题解析：Because many programs are currently constructed from&ldquo;*building block&quot; components found in code libraries, any security issues within specific components may not be understood or identified by coders who don&#39;t know the code inside the component.
Option A is an unfair generalization.
Option C is another broad generalization that may or may not be true. Option B is a better answer.
Option D does not relate to the question about the SDLC and is therefore a poor choice for an answer
A. Young programmers are not nearly as disciplined in their coding practices as older&nbsp;programmers
B. Some current programmers don&#39;t write code line by line and instead use code component libraries
正确
C. Coding languages have not been secure for 20 years
D. Users are not clear in defining their requirements at the outset of the software development lifecycle (SDLC)


86. It is very likely that your organization&#39;s users will use unapproved application programming interfaces (APIs), especially in a bring your own device (BYOD)environment, because____.

试题解析：Users in the production environment will leverage whatever tools and techniques they can in order to get their job done in a better, faster way, often regardless of whether this complies with security policies.
All the other options are untrue and therefore cannot be the correct answer. For test-taking purposes, be very suspicious of words like,&ldquo;constantly&quot; and&ldquo;can&#39;t ever&quot; in answer choices.
A. Users are constantly trying to break the security of your environment
B. APIs can&#39;t ever be secure
C. Hackers are constantly infiltrating all APIs
D. Users enhance their productivity however they can
正确


87. Which of the following is not checked when using the STRIDE threat mode!?

试题解析：The STR IDE threat model does not deal with business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR) actions.
All the other options are elements of STRIDE (escalation of privilege, repudiation, and spoofing, respectively) and are therefore not correct.
A. The ability of users to gain administrative access rights without proper permission
正确
B. The ability of internal personnel to trigger business continuity/disaster recovery activities
C. The ability of a participant in a transaction to refute that they&#39;ve taken part in the transaction
D. The ability of an unauthorized user to pretend to be an authorized user


88. The possibility that a user could gain access or control of an application so as to take on administrator or management capabilities is called ______.

试题解析：This is the definition of escalation of privilege (sometimes referred to as &quot;elevation of privilege&quot;).
Inversion is a nonsense term in this context and just a distractor.
Options B and C are threat modeling elements but are not correct answers for this question.
A. Inversion
B. Spoofing
C. Repudiation
D. Escalation of privilege
正确


89. All of these can affect the quality of service expected from an application except______.

试题解析：Using only known secure libraries and components in software design may slow own development eforts but shouldn&#39;t impact how the applic ation runs.
All the other options are security cont rols that will degrade performance because they require additional overhead; these options are incorrect.
A. Encryption
B. Egress monitoring
C. Anti-malware tools
D. Use of known secure libraries/components
正确


90. Designers making applications for the cloud have to take into consideration risks and operational constraints that did not exist or were not as pronounced in the traditional environment. which of the following is an element cloud app designers may not be able to use as readily in the cloud environment as it was deployed in the traditional environment?

试题解析：The cloud provider may have controls that restrict logging, or the delivery of log data, in the environment; this can make it complicated for cloud developers to include that functionality/security element in cloud apps.
All the other options are things that can (and should) be done with software whether the application is being used in traditional or cloud environments, so those options are incorrect.
A. Cryptography
B. STRIDE testing
C. Field validation
D. Logging
正确


91. Designers making applications for the cloud have to take into consideration risks and operational constraints that did not exist or were not as pronounced in the traditional environment. Which of the following is an element cloud app designers may have to consider incorporating in software for the cloud that might not have been as important in the traditional environment?

试题解析：Because the cloud is a multitena t environment, one of the concerns that developers should consider is how well the application prevents other applications/users from observing its operation and resource calls. In the traditional environment, this is not usually required because the organization owns the underlying infrastructure (as a single tenant) and there is very little risk in exposing the application&#39;s functionality.
Inference framing is a nonsense term, used here only as a distractor.
Software should include known secure components, and testing should include known bad data (fuzz testing), whether it is going to be used in the cloud or in a traditional environ-ment, so options C and D are incorrect.
A. Application isolation
正确
B. Inference framing
C. Known secure library components
D. Testing that uses known bad data


92. Designers making applications for the cloud have to take into consideration risks and operational constraints that did not exist or were not as pronounced in the traditional environment. Which of the following is an element cloud app designers may have to consider incorporating in software for the cloud that may not have been as important in the traditional environment?

试题解析：Traditional apps won&#39;t usually require encryption in all phases of the data lifecycle because data is protected in severaI stages in the traditional environment without the need for additional controls. In the cloud environment, however, data exposed at any point in the lifecycle might constitute an inadvertent disclosure, so cloud apps require encryption for data at rest and in motion (and usually in use as well).
Even traditional apps require IAM and field validation functions, so options A and D are incorrect.
Most anti-DDoS activity will be performed by hardware and communication software run by the cloud provider or Internet service provider (ISP); developers should not typically need to include anti-DDoS elements in their programs. Option Bis incorrect.
A. Identity and access management (IAM) capability
B. Distributed denial of service (DDoS) resistance
C. Encryption for data at rest and in motion
正确
D. Field validation


93. All of the following are usually nonfunctional requirements except___________.

试题解析：Function is usually the functional requirement, describing what action the tool/process satisfies.
All the others are usually nonfunctional requirements. Exceptions to this are when the characteristic listed is the actual desired function. For instance, if the product is a tool that enunciates text so that a blind user can hear the words, then sound would be the func-tional requirement. If the product is a security tool such as a firewall or data loss preven-tion (DLP) solution, then security would be a functional requirement. Otherwise, these are nonfunctional requirements for standard products.
A. Color
B. Sound
C. Security
D. Function
正确


94. Where are business requirements most likely to be mapped to software construction?

试题解析：Design is the correct answer, as this is where the requirements gathered during the Define phase are mapped to system designs.
All the other options are SDLC phases where requirements are not mapped to software construction.
A. Define
B. Design
正确
C. Test
D. Secure Operations


95. Which phase of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) is most likely to involve crypto-shredding?

试题解析：Disposal is the only phase concerned with the sanitization of media or destruction of data.
All the other options are also SDLC phases, however, crypto-shredding is much more likely to be used in the disposal phase.
A. Define
B. Design
C. Test
D. Disposal
正确


96. Regardless of which model the organization uses for system development, in which phase of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) will user input be requested and considered?

试题解析：In the Define phase, we&#39;re trying to determine the purpose of the software, in terms of meeting the users&#39; needs; therefore, we may solicit input from the user community in order to figure out what they really want.
Options B and C are other phases of the SDLC, but not all SDLC models incorporate user input in these phases, so the opt ions are not correct.
Option D is not a phase of the SDLC and is incorrect.
A. Define
正确
B. Design
C. Develop
D. Detect


97. In the testing phase of the software development lifecycle (SDLC), software performance and________should both be reviewed,

试题解析：Performance and security both need to be reviewed for adequacy.
In this context, quality would be synonymous with performance and requirements, so D is a better answer than A or C.
Brevity is not a trait we look for in testing, even though it may be desirable in program-ming, so B is incorrect.
A. Quality
B. Brevity
C. Requirements
D. Security
正确


98. In a platform as a service (PaaS) model, who should most likely be responsible for the security of the applications in the production environment?

试题解析：In PaaS, the customer is responsible for the administration (and security) of applications.
Neither regulators nor programmers are responsible for the security of the applications in the product ion environment. That is the responsibility of the cloud customer.
It may appear as though the cloud provider should be responsible for application security, however, as the cloud customer acquires more responsibility for their cloud environment, the cloud provider assumes less responsibility. Option B is incorrect.
A. Cloud customer
正确
B. Cloud provider
C. Regulator
D. Programmers


99. Software developers designing applications for the cloud should expect to include options to ensure all of the following capabilities except_____ .

试题解析：Not all programs (or organizations) will require database access, or even use databases, and hashing is not a common requirement.
All the other functions are expected in the majority of cloud operations.
A. Encryption of data at rest
B. Encryption of data in transit
C. Data masking
D. Hashing database fields
正确


100. Which of the following is perhaps the best method for reducing the risk of a specific application not delivering the proper level of functionality and performance when it is moved from the traditional environment into the cloud?

试题解析：A trial run in the cloud will reveal any functionality/performance loss before a permanent cloud migration.
Option A doesn&#39;t reduce any risk for a specific application; it trades the risk of one appli-cation not operating correctly with the risk of another application not working correctly.This answer is wrong.
All applications should be reasonably patched and updated, whether it is in the traditional environment or the cloud. Option C is incorrect.
An emulator won&#39;t reduce the risk of degraded performance; it will probably result in degraded performance. Option D is incorrect.
A. Remove the application from the organization&#39;s production environment and replace it with something else.
B. Negotiate and conduct a trial run in the cloud environment for that application before permanently migrating.
正确
C. Make sure the application is fully updated and patched according to all vendor specifications.
D. Run the application in an emulator.


101. When an organization considers cloud migrations, the organization&#39;s software developers will need to know which_____and which_____the organization will be using, in order to properly and securely create suitable applications.

试题解析：In order for developers to properly create and secure applications, they will need to understand the extent of resource sharing (public/private/hybrid/community) and level of control (infrastructure as a service [laaS], platform as a service [PaaS], software as a service [SaaS]) the organization will expect in the cloud environment.
Each of the other options includes at least one element that programmers don&#39;t need to know (specifically, the native language, Internet service provider [ISP], country code) and is therefore incorrect.
A. Geographic location, native language
B. Legal restrictions, specific ISP
C. Service model, deployment model
正确
D. Available bandwidth, telecommunications country code


102. Developers creating software for the cloud environment should bear in mind cloud-specific risks such as______and_____.

试题解析：All the other options are risks that exist in the traditional environment as well as the cloud.
A. DoS and DDoS (denial of service and distributed denial of service)
B. Multitenancy and third-party administrators
正确
C. Unprotected servers and unprotected clients
D. Default configurations and user error


103. Which of the following is an informal industry term for moving applications from a traditional environment into the cloud?

试题解析：All the other opt ions are simply words used in other contexts. They are incorrect.
A. Instantiation
B. Porting
C. Grandslamming
D. Forklifting
正确


104. RESTful responses can come from the server in_____ or____formats.

试题解析：Servers can return REST requests to clients in a number of formats, including XML and JSON.
X. 509 certificates are used for pa sing session encryption information, not data requests,so option B is incorrect.
Servers usually return data requests in some sort of display format, not plain text or ASCII, so option C is incorrect.
HTML responses would simply be an entire web page, not specific data, so option D is incorrect.
A. Extensible Markup Language (XML), JavaScript Open Notation (JSON)
正确
B. Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP), X.509
C. American Standard Code for Information Interchange (ASCII), text
D. Hypertext Markup Language (HTML), Extensible Markup Language (XML)


105. The architecture of the World Wide Web, as it works today, is_____.

试题解析：The web is mainly HTTP, which is a REST full protocol.
All the other options are incorrect because they do not answer the question about the architecture of the World Wide Web.
A. JavaScript Open Notation (JSON)
B. Denial of service (DoS)
C. Representational state transfer (REST)
正确
D. Extensible Markup language (XML)


106. Representational state transfer (REST) application programming interfaces (APIs) use_____protocol verbs.

试题解析：Roy Fielding, the author of the PhD dissertation that created R EST, was also the author of HTTP, so it&#39;s no surprise the command set is the same.
All the other options are incorrect because the REST APIs do not use HTML, XML or ASCII as protocol verbs.
A. Hypertext Markup Language (HTML)
B. Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP)
正确
C. Extensible Markup Language (XML)
D. American Standard Code for Information Interchange (ASCII)


107. Typically, representational state transfer (REST) interactions do nor require__________.

试题解析：Generally, a REST interaction involves the client asking the server (through an application programming interface [API]) for data, sometimes as the result of processing; the server processes the request and returns the result. In REST, an enduring session, where the server has to store some temporary data about the client, is not necessary.
These interactions obviously involve servers and clients, so options C and D are not correct.
Using REST does not eliminate the need for credentials, so option A is not correct.
A. Credentials
B. Sessions
正确
C. Servers
D. Clients


108. What language is used in the Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) application design protocol?

试题解析：SOAP necessarily uses XML.
HTML is a language used to tag text files so that they can be displayed with different fonts, colors, graphics and hyperlinks. HTML is not used in SOAP. Option A is incorrect.
Option B is incorrect because X.509 is a standard and the question is about a program-ming language.
Option D is incorrect because HTTP is protocol and the question is about a programming language.
A. Hypertext Markup Language (HTML)
B. X.509
C. Extensible Markup Language (XML)
正确
D. Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP)


109. According to ISO 27034, there is one Organizational Normative Framework (ONF) in the organization, and______ Application Normative Framework (ANF[S]) for each application within that organization.

试题解析：Each application will have its own ANF, derived from the organization&#39;s ONF. This can be a difficult question because there are many ANFs in the organization, but only one for each application. The reader needs to examine the quest ion carefully.
A. Many
B. Three
C. No
D. One
正确


110. ISO 27034 mandates a framework for application security within an organization. According to the standard, each organization should have a(n)_______,and each application within the organization should have its own______.

试题解析：The ONF lists all the controls used in all the applications within an organization;each ANF lists the particular controls used in each application the organization has. Standard&nbsp;Application Security is a made-up term therefore options C and D are incorrect.
A. Organizational Normative Framework (ONF), Application Normative Framework(ANF)
正确
B. Application Normative Framework (ANF), Organizational Normative Framework(ONF)
C. Standard Application Security (SAS), Application Normative Framework (ANF)
D. Organizational Normative Framework (ONF), Standard Application Security (SAS)


