1. In performing vendor management and selection, one of the questions you, as the potential cloud customer, might ask is,&ldquo;Does it seem as if this vendor is subject to any pending acquisitions or mergers?&quot; In gathering data to answer this question, what are you trying to avoid?

试题解析：Vendor lock-out can occur when your provider no longer offers the service for which you contracted; it is possible that a merger or acquisition of your provider might lead to this circumstance.
All the other options are incorrect because they are not relevant in terms of the question.
A. Vendor lockout
正确
B. Due care&nbsp;
C. Third-party dependencies
D. Regulatory oversight


2. __________are required to use only cryptographic modules that are compliant with Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 140-2.

试题解析：U.S. federal entities are prohibited from using cryptosystems that are not compliant with FIPS 140-2.
All the other options are incorrect because they are not related to FIPS 140-2.
A. Americans&nbsp;
B. Cloud providers
C. Infrastructure as a service (laaS) providers
D. U.S. federal agencies
正确


3. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) requires that all merchants who want to process credit card transaction be compliant with a wide variety of security control requirements. The different merchant tier requirements will dictate______.

试题解析：Merchants at different tiers are required to have more or fewer audits in the same time frame as merchants in other tiers, depending on the tier.
All PCI DSS-compliant merchants must meet all the control and audit requirements of the standard; options A and C are incorrect.
PCI DSS does not dictate costs of controls; option D is wrong.
A. Different types of audits each must conduct
B. Different amounts of audits each must conduct
正确
C. Different control sets based on tier level
D. Different cost of controls based on tier level


4. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) requires that all merchants who want to process credit card transactions be compliant with a wide variety of security control requirements. Merchants are assigned different tier levels under PCI DSS, based on____________.

试题解析：The different merchant tiers are based on the number of transactions a specific merchant conducts annually.
All the other options are incorrect.
A. Availability
B. Redundancy
C. Location of their corporate headquarters
D. Number of transactions per year
正确


5. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) requires that all merchants who want to process credit card transactions be compliant with a wide variety of security control requirements. Approximately how many controls are listed in the PCI DSS?

试题解析：The PCI DSS is extremely thorough and wide-reaching.
All the other options are just wrong.
A. Around a dozen
B. About 20
C. About 100
D. Over 200
正确


6. The Generally Accepted Privacy Principles described by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) are very similar to the privacy principles described by___________.

试题解析：he AICPA, the OECD, and the EU have all outlined certain basic expectations for entities that are privacy data cont rollers; these expectations are extremely similar in the documentation produced by all three.
All the other options are forms of legislation or regulators that do have some content that addresses privacy; however, option A is the most specific and preferable answer because the privacy principles of the AICPA, OECD, and EU are so very similar.
A. The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
正确
B. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and European Union Agency for Network and Information Security (ENISA)
C. Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and Gramm-Leach- Bliley Act (GLBA)
D. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the U.S. State Department


7. To receive a Service Organization Control (SOC) 2 Type 2 report from a potential provider, the provider may require you to perform/provide a(n)_______.

试题解析：In order to protect extremely sensitive material that is discussed in the SOC2, Type2, the provider may request that you sign an NDA and limit distribution.
The provider is the entity that should be seeking CSA STAR certification, not the cus-tomer; option C is incorrect.
Be wary of any provider that asks for security deposits and/or acts of fealty; options A and D are incorrect.
A. Security deposit
B. Nondisclosure agreement (NDA)
正确
C. Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) Security, Trust, and Assurance Registry (STAR) certification application
D. Act of fealty


8. Service Organization Control (SOC) 2 reports were intended to be________.

试题解析：SOC 2 reports were not designed for dissemination outside the target organization.
All the other options are incorrect.
A. Released to the public
B. Only technical assessments
C. Retained for internal use
正确
D. Nonbinding


9. In deciding which cloud provider to use, one of the characteristics you may want to determine about the provider is their level of professionalism. Which of the following tools could be used to determine the thoroughness, detail, and repeatability of the processes and procedures offered by a cloud provider?

试题解析：The CMM is a way of determining a target&#39;s maturity in terms of process documentation and repeatability.
The CSA STAR and EuroCloud Star programs are cetifications based on applicable con-trol sets and compliance with standards and regulations, not process maturity; options A and D are incorrect.
The RMF is National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) guidance on how to assess risk in an environment; option B is incorrect.
A. The Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) Security, Trust, and Assurance Registry (STAR) certification program
B. The Risk Management Framework (RMF)
C. The Capability Maturity Model (CMM)
正确
D. The EuroCloud Star Audit Certification


10. Which U.S. federal government entity is in charge of administering the Privacy Shield program?

试题解析：The FTC is in charge of the Privacy Shield program.
The State Department is involved with controlling some exports, under the International
Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) regulations; option A is incorrect.
There is no Privacy Protection Office; option B is meaningless term and is incorrect.
HHS is in charge of managing the Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA); option D is incorrect.
A. State Department
B. Privacy Protection Office
C. Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
正确
D. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)


11. Using cloud storage is considered_________ under most privacy frameworks and laws.

试题解析：Processing includes any manipulation, use, movement, or alteration of data--pretty much anything that can be done with or to data is&ldquo;processing&rdquo;(including making and manipulating hard-copy versions of data).
Storing data in the cloud is not illegal in most jurisdictions (as long as certain rules are fol-lowed, for specific industries and data sets); option A is incorrect.
Storing often happens at or soon after the time of collection, but they are not the same function; option B is incorrect.
Opt-in is the concept under which a data subject must give clear consent to personally identifiable information (PII) data collection and use; option C is incorrect.
A. Illegal
B. Data collection
C. Opt-in
D. Processing
正确


12. You are the security manager for a U.S. based company that has branches abroad, including offices in Germany, Italy, and Brazil. If your company wants to process European Union (EU) citizen personally identifiable information (PII) data, one of the options is to use standard contractual clauses (also known as model contracts, or binding rules). If you choose this option, your company will have to get approval from________.

试题解析：The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires that multinationals using standard contractual clauses get those clauses approved by the privacy office in every EU member state where the company will operate. Italy and Germany are both EU member states; Brazil is not.
A. Privacy officials in Italy
B. Privacy officials in Brazil
C. Privacy officials in Italy and Germany
正确
D. Privacy officials in Italy, Germany, and Brazil


13. The Privacy Shield program allows US. companies to collect and process privacy information about European Union (EU) citizens. The program is included in which law?

试题解析：The GDPR contains the provisions under which the Privacy Shield program was implemented.
All the other options are all U.S. law and therefore incorrect.
A. Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA)
B. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
正确
C. Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
D. Sarbanes -Oxley Act


14. Which of the following pieces of data is considered personally identifiable information (PII) in the European Union (EU) but not in the United States?

试题解析：U.S. laws do not, for the most part, consider cell phone numbers an element of PlI; in the EU, they are.
All the other options are PIl elements under both jurisdictions.
A. Name
B. Home address
C. Birth date
D. Mobile phone number
正确


15. Which of the following should not be true about any tests performed during forensic analysis?

试题解析：You do not want to have unique testing techniques used in your analysis, because those may not be repeatable or accepted by other experts (or the court).
All the other options are traits of forensic testing we do want our tests to include.
A. Tests should be repeatable by opposing attorneys.
B. Tests should be standard to the forensics industry.
C. Tests should be performed by trained, certified professionals.
D. Tests should be tailored and customized for specific purposes.
正确


16. When you&#39;re accessing an electronic storage file for forensic purposes, it is a best practice to use________

试题解析：It is important that any changes to the data only be made in purposeful, specifc ways; a write- blocker helps to ensure that extraneous changes aren&#39;t made to the data.
The other options are not necessary for accessing an electronic storage file for forensic purposes. Opt ions A, B, and C are incorrect.
A. Gloves
B. A trusted computing base
C. Sysadmin access
D. A write-blocker
正确


17. Who should be responsible for ensuring the state, security, and control of all evidence, from the time it&#39;s collected until it is presented in court?

试题解析：The evidence custodian is the person designated to maintain the chain of custody for the duration of the investigation. All the other options could be roles of people who are tasked with custodianship.
A. The data controller
B. The evidence custodian
正确
C. The security manager
D. The IT director


18. When collecting digital evidence for forensic purposes, it is important to compare the integrity value for any copied material against _______.

试题解析：An integrity check comparing the copy to the original is essential so that the report can demonstrate that none of the data was lost or tampered with before analysis begins.
All the other options are simply incorrect for integrity check purposes.
A. The original
正确
B. The backup
C. Another copy
D. The industry standard


19. When presenting forensic evidence in court as testimony, you should include, if at all possible,______.

试题解析：It&#39;s important to present a full view of the evidence, including any alternative findings that were considered but eliminated through reason. This serves many purposes, not the least of which is strengthening your case in the minds of those who hear your testimony.
Your professional opinion is vital, but your personal opinion should not have bearing on the case; option A is incorrect.
Option B is only incorrect because it limits the presentation to your side of the case, where C is broader and more accurate.
Unless instructed by counsel, bringing up similar past activity is not germane to the current case; option D is incorrect.
A. Your personal opinion
B. A clear, concise view of your side of the case
C. Alternative explanations
正确
D. Historical examples that have bearing on the circumstances of the current case


20. The Reporting phase of forensic investigation usually involves presenting findings to_____.

试题解析：This is a very difficult question as all the options are correct. However, the ultimate recipient of all forensic evidentiary collection and analysis- -the entity getting the reports-will be the court, in order to make a final determination of its merits and insights.
A. Senior management
B. Regulators
C. The court
正确
D. Stakeholders


21. You are the security representative of a small company doing business through a cloud provider. Your company comes under investigation by law enforcement for possible wrongdoing. In performing e-discovery activity so as to comply with a court order, the cloud provider offers to ship a piece of hardware, a storage drive, from their data center to you for inspection/analysis. What should probably be your response?

试题解析：In a multitenant environment, it is quite likely that any particular piece of hardware will contain data from many customers. In this case, your company may become liable for violating privacy laws for accessing privacy data belonging to another cloud customer, which would increase your company&#39;s exposure (something that could be disastrous because the company is already under investigation).
None, some, or all of the other options might be true, however, the liability of possibly disclosing someone else&#39;s privacy data is an over whelming business risk; therefore, option C is the best answer.
A. Yes. You want it because it gives you the most granular and comprehensive view of the pertinent data.
B. Yes. You want to be able to inspect it before law enforcement has the opportunity to review it.
C. No, You don&#39;t want the liability of possibly disclosing someone else&#39;s privacy data.
正确
D. No. You don&#39;t want the liability of possibly damaging someone else&#39;s property.


22. Which of the following is probably the most volatile form of data that might serve a forensic purpose?

试题解析：Because RAM is inherently volatile, and virtual resources are simulated only for limited time periods, virtual R AM is probably the most volatile data store.
Hardware R AM is probably as volatile as virtual RAM, but the virtualization aspect of option A may make it a more suit able answer for this particular question.
Log data and drive storage should both be durable and not volatile at all, so options C and D are incorrect.
A. Virtual instance RAM
正确
B. Hardware RAM
C. Hypervisor logs
D. Drive storage


23. Which of the following practices can enhance both operational capabilities and configuration management efforts?

试题解析：File hashes can serve as integrity checks for both configuration ma nagement (to determine which systems are not configured to the baseline) and audit purposes (as artifacts/common builds of systems for audit review).
Backups and constant uptime may aid in availability efforts for operational purposes, but they don&#39;t really help in configuration management; options A and B are incorrect.
Multifactor authentication provides neither configuration management nor forensic ben-efits; option C is wrong.
A. Regular backups
B. Constant uptime
C. Multifactor authentication
D. File hashes
正确


24. Which of the following practices can enhance both operational capabilities and forensic readiness?

试题解析：Backups can serve to provide excellent forensics about incidents that have already occurred and also serve to provide an operational re ach-back capability for users that have accidentally lost data or modified it incorrectly.
While highly trained forensic personnel will be very useful in forensic activities, that is not usually an operational benefit. Option A is incorrect.
The more secure the data archive, the less useful it is for operational purposes; option C is not as good as option B.
Option D is wrong because homomorphic encryption is still theoretical and currently serves no actual purpose.
A. Highly trained forensic personnel
B. Regular full backups
正确
C. A highly secure data archive
D. Homomorphic encryption


25. Which of the following aspects of virtualization make the technology useful for evidence collection?

试题解析：Snapshotting an entire virtual machine or memory device is an excellent method for capturing its current data and settings at a specific moment.
Hypervisors do not particularly aid in evidence collection, although they may provide log data; option C is still preferable to option A.
Pooled resources actually complicate evidence collect ion; option B is quite wrong.
Live migration does not aid in evidence collection; option D is incorrect.
A. Hypervisors
B. Pooled resources
C. Snapshotting
正确
D. Live migration


26. _________is the legal concept that describes the actions and processes a cloud customer uses to ensure that a reasonable level of protection is applied to the data in their control.

试题解析：This is an example of due diligence.
Due care is the duty owed by one entity to another, in terms of a reasonable expectation; option A is incorrect.
Liability is the measure of responsibility an entity has for providing due care; option C is incorrect.
Answer D has no meaning in this context; option D is incorrect.
A. Due care
B. Due diligence
正确
C. Liability
D. Reciprocity


27. You are the security manager for a small investing firm. After a heated debate regarding security control implementation, one of your employees strikes another employee with a keyboard. The local media hear about the incident and broadcast/publish stories about it under the title&ldquo;Computer-related attack.&quot; In this circumstance, who would likely be prosecuted?

试题解析：The attacker is the one who committed the crime and is therefore likely to be prosecuted (prosecuted denotes a criminal trial, as opposed to a civil suit).
It is unlikely that the company would be prosecuted for causing the crime because the company did not engage in the wrongful behavior; in this case, there was a very specific at tacker and victim. Option A is incorrect.
The victim does not get prosecuted for crimes committed against them. Option C is incorrect.
If you had ordered the attack, or somehow caused it to occur, you might be prosecuted, but this is not detailed in the quest ion and is an unlikely circumstance; option D is incorrect.
A. Your organization
B. The attacker
正确
C. The victim
D. You, as the manager of both parties


28. You are the security manager for a small investing firm. After a heated debate regarding security control implementation, one of your employees strikes another employee with a keyboard. The local media hear about the incident and broadcast/publish stories about it under the title&ldquo;Computer-related attack.&quot; What may be the result of this situation?

试题解析：The battery is a crime and may be prosecuted as such, and the act may also result in the victim suing the attacker for damages.
Options A and B are not sufficient compared to C.
Option D is a distractor in this case; battery is not a form of racketeering, unless linked to a larger pattern of crimes.
A. A criminal trial
B. A civil case
C. Both criminal and civil proceedings
正确
D. Federal racketeering charges


29. You run an IT security incident response team. When seizing and analyzing data for forensic purposes, your investigative personnel modify the data from its original content. For courtroom evidentiary purposes, this makes the data_______.

试题解析：All forensics processes and activity should be documented with extreme scrutiny. It is very important for your actions to be documented and repeatable in order for them to remain credible.
Evidence is only inadmissible if it has no probative value&mdash;hat is, if it has no bearing on the case. Modified data is still admissible, as long as the modification process was docu-mented and presented along with the evidence. Option A is incorrect.
Option C is ambiguous as to its meaning and is therefore an incorrect choice for an answer.
Option D is true if the data modification process is not documented and presented in detail.
A. Inadmissible
B. Less believable, if the changes aren&#39;t documented
正确
C. Harder to control
D. Easily refutable


30. In some jurisdictions, it is mandatory that personnel conducting forensic analysis collection or analysis have a proper__________.

试题解析：There are certain jurisdictions where forensic data/IT analysis requires licensure (the A merican states of Texas, Colorado, and Michigan, for example); it is important for you to determine whether this is the case in your jurisdiction before proceeding with any forensic efforts.
It is important for forensic investigators to have proper training, background checks, and approved tools in every jurisdiction, so all the other options are incorrect as they are not specific enough.
A. Training credential
B. License
正确
C. Background check
D. Approved toolset


31. Your company is defending itself during a civil trial for a breach of contract case.Personnel from your IT department have performed forensic analysis on event logs that reflect the circumstances related to the case.<br />
In order for your personnel to present the evidence they collcted during forensic analysis as expert witnesses, you should ensure that________.

试题解析：In order to deliver credible, believable expert testimony, it&#39;s important that your personnel have more than an amateur&#39;s understanding and familiarity with any forensic tools they use to perform analysis. Formal training and certification are excellent methods for creating credibility.
Scripting testimony is usually frowned on by the court; coaching witnesses how to per-form and what to expect in court is all right, but it does not lead to credibility. Option A is incorrect.
Your expert witnesses are not allowed to withold any evidence from their testimony if it is pertinent to the case, even if that evidence aids the other side. Option B is incorect.
You should pay your employees for their time, regardless of whether they&rsquo;re performing on the job site or in a courtroom, but this has nothing to do with enhancing credibility.
Option D is incorrect.
A. Their testimony is scripted, and they do not deviate from the script
B. They present only evidence that is favorable to your side of the case
C. They are trained and certified in the tools they used
正确
D. They are paid for their time while they are appearing in the courtroom


32. When targeting a cloud customer, a court grants an order allowing a law enforcement entity to seize_______.

试题解析：Courts can issue seizure orders for anything and everything.
All the other options are either incorrect because they are too limited (A and B) or just absurd (D).
A. Electronic data
B. Hardware
C. Electronic data and the hardware on which it resides
正确
D. Only data extracted from hardware


33. Your company receives a litigation hold notice from a customer that is suing you for harm caused by one of your products. You are using a managed cloud service for your production environment. You determine that the data requested by the litigant is vast and is going be very difficult to review for pertinence to the case.Which security control mechanism may also be useful in the e discovery effort?

试题解析：Typically, a discovery tool is a primary component of a DLP solution. This might be employed for purposes of identifying and collecting pertinent data.
All the other options describe important facets of an overall organizational securty pro-gram but are not especially helpful in e-discovery efforts.
A. Trained and aware personnel
B. An egress monitoring solution (data loss prevention or data leak protection [DLP])
正确
C. A digital rights management (DRM) solution
D. A multifactor authentication implementation


34. Your company receives a litigation hold notice from a customer that is suing you for harm caused by one of your products. You are using a managed cloud service for your production environment. You determine that the data requested by the litigant is vast and is going be very difficult to review for pertinence to the case.<br />
The senior executive at your firm who is making decisions about this case suggests handing over all data the company has archived for the time frame related to the case, whether or not it may be pertinent, in order to both allow the litigant to find the pertinent data and reduce the costs your company would incur if it performed the reform. What should be your response to the executive?

试题解析：While e-discovery may be a painful, monotonous, expensive process, a vast data dump of the organization&#39;s entire data store would entail massive risk and liability.
The other options are simply incorrect.
A. This is an excellent idea; it fulfills the company&#39;s legal requirements and reduces the overall costs of the litigation.
B. This is a good idea; it may alleviate some of the costs associated with the court case.
C. This is a bad idea; the company might not realize the full cost savings that it expects.
D. This is a horrible idea; it could lead to extensive unauthorized disclosure and additional lawsuits.
正确


35. You are the security manager for a software company that uses platform as a service (PaaS) in a public cloud service. Your company&#39;s general counsel informs you that they have received a letter from a former employee who is filing a lawsuit against your company. What is one of the common practices used in your industry that will have to be halted until the resolution of the case?

试题解析：our company will not be allowed to destroy any data for the duration of the legal case because that might constitute tampering with potential evidence.
All the other aspects of software development may continue as long as no destructive mea-sures or methods are utilized; all the other options are incorrect.
A. Versioning
B. Patching
C. Threat modeling
D. Secure destruction
正确


36. You work for a company that operates a production environment in the cloud. Another company using the same cloud provider is under investigation by law enforcement for racketeering. Your company should be concerned about this because of the cloud characteristic of ________.

试题解析：Multitenancy in the cloud is a direct result of sharing resources; many customers use the same underlying hardware infrastructure. A seizure of hardware assets by law enforcement investigating another cloud customer could conceivably result in the seizure&nbsp;of your company&#39;s data because it happened to be residing on the same hardware when that hardware was seized.
The other options are aspects of cloud computing but do not have anything to do with the risk of unauthorized disclosure due to seizure by law enforcement.
A. Virtualization
B. Pooled resources
正确
C. Elasticity
D. Automated self- service


37. You are the chief information officer (CIO) for an IT hardware manufacturer. Your company uses cloud-based software as a service (SaaS) services, including email. You receive a legal request for data pertinent to a case. Your e-discovery efforts will largely be dependent on_______.

试题解析：In an SaaS model, the customer has little insight into event logs and traffic analysis useful for evidentiary purposes. The customer will largely be reliant on the cloud provider to locate, collect, and deliver this information for e-discovery.
Regulators do not take part in e-discovery; option B is incorrect.
In this situation, your company is the cloud customer and will not have a great deal of access to event logs, which may be a crucial element of e-discovery; options C and D are incorrect.
A. The cloud provider
正确
B. Regulators
C. The cloud customer
D. Internal IT personnel


38. You are the security manager for a software company that uses platform as a service (PaaS) in a public cloud service. Your company&#39;s general counsel informs you that they have received a letter from a former employee who is filing a lawsuit against your company. If you do not take proper steps to retain, capture, and deliver pertinent data to the person making the request (or their attorney), the company could be facing legal problems with______ as well as the lawsuit.

试题解析：Spoliation is the term used to describe the destruction of potential evidence (intentionally or otherwise); in various jurisdictions, it can be a crime, or the grounds for another lawsuit.
Destroying evidence is not fraud; fraud can be a crime or tort on its own, but option B is incorrect.
Jurisdiction describes the geographical area over which a court has power; option C is ncorrect.
Recompositing is a made-up word and has no meaning in this context. Option D is incorrect.
A. Spoliation
正确
B. Fraud
C. Jurisdiction
D. Recompositing


39. You are the security manager for a software company that uses platform as a service (PaaS) in a public cloud service. Your company&#39;s general counsel informs you that they have received a letter from a former employee who is filing a lawsuit against your company. You should immediately issue a(n)_____to all personnel and offices within your company.

试题解析：A litigation hold notice is required to prevent possible destruction of pertinent evidence that may be used in the case.
An audit scoping letter outlines the parameters for an audit engagement; option B is incorrect.
Options C and D do not have meaning in this context.
A. Litigation hold notice
正确
B. Audit scoping letter
C. Stop loss memo
D. Memorandum of agreement


40. You are the security director for an online retailer in Belgium. In February 2019, an audit reveals that your company may have been responsible for exposing personal data belonging to some of your customers over the previous month. Which law is applicable in this instance?

试题解析：As of May 2018, the GDPR is the law throughout all EU member states, superseding any existing local laws.
Belgian law will be superseded at that point, and the GDPR has primacy over Belgian law.
Option A is incorrect.
Options C and D are an American standard and law, respectively, and are not applicable to companies in the European Union (EU), so they are therefore incorrect.
It&#39;s important to note that the GDPR covers all entities that are located and/or operate in the EU, regardless of other details such as where the business entity stores the data or where the customers are located.
A. Belgian law
B. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
正确
C. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP) 800-53
D. The Federal Information Systems Management Act (FISMA)


41. You are the security manager for a small American tech firm and investigate an incident. Upon analysis, you determine that one of your employees was stealing proprietary material and selling it to a competitor. You inform law enforcement and turn over the forensic data with which you determined the source and nature of the theft. The prosecutor can use the material you delivered because of______.

试题解析：The silver platter doctrine allows law enforcement entities to use material presented voluntarily by the owner as evidence in the prosecution of crimes, without a warrant or a court order.
The doctrine of plain view allows law enforcement to act on probable cause when evidence of a crime is within their presence; option A is incorrect.
The GDPR is a European Union (EU) privacy law and not applicable here; option C is incorrect.
FISMA is the American law requiring federal agencies to adhere to National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) standards; option D is incorrect.
A. The doctrine of plain view
B. The silver platter dotrine
正确
C. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
D. The Federal Information System Management Act (FISMA)


42. You are the security manager for a retail sales company that uses a software as a service (SaaS) public cloud service. One of your employees uploads sensitive information they were not authorized to put in the cloud. An administrator working for the cloud provider accesses that information and uses it for an illegal purpose, benefiting the administrator and causing harm to your organization.<br />
After you perform all the incident response activity related to the situation, your organization determines that the price of the damage was USS1 25,000. Your organization sues the cloud provider, and the jury determines that your organization shares in the blame (liability) for the loss because it was your employee performing an unauthorized action that created the situation.<br />
If the jury determines that 25 percent of the evidence shows that the situation was your organization&#39;s fault and 75 percent of the evidence shows that the situation was the cloud provider&#39;s fault, what is the likely outcome?

试题解析：Except in jurisdictions where contributory negligence is a factor in the proceedings, civil courts use a standard of &quot;preponderance of evidence,&quot; so the entity that has a simple majority of fault (51 percent or more) is responsible for the full weight of the breach.
Because the question did not specify the case was in contributory negligence jurisdiction, option D is the best answer because it is the most likely outcome.
Options A, B, and C are incorrect because they are 25%, 75% and 0% of the full weight of the breach.
A. Your organization owes the cloud provider $31,250.
B. The cloud provider owes your organization $93,750.
C. Neither side owes the other party anything.
D. The cloud provider owes your organization $125,000.
正确


43. In which court must the defendant be determined to have acted in a certain fashion according to the preponderance of the evidence?

试题解析：Civil courts (for example, in a breach of contract case) are held to the&ldquo;preponderance of evidence&quot; standard.
All the other options are incorrect because they do not bold to the preponderance of the evidence requirement.
A. Givil court
正确
B. Criminal court
C. Religious court
D. Tribal court


44. Which of the following is a legal practice of removing a suspect from one jurisdiction to another in order for the suspect to face prosecution for violating laws in the latter?

试题解析：This is the definition of extradition.
Applicable law is the regulation/legislation affecting a certain circumstance. Option A is incorrect.
Judgments are legal conclusions or decisions. Option B is incorrect.
Option C is incorrect because criminal law is the body of law that pertains to crime.
A. Applicable law
B. Judgments
C. Criminal law
D. Extradition
正确


45. The field of digital forensics does not include the practice of securely_____ data.

试题解析：With rare except ions, digital forensics does not include creation of data (other than the forensic reports regarding the analysis of data). While this could arguably be considered an aspect of digital forensics as well, the other options are more suited to describing digital forensics, so this is the best negative answer.
A. Collecting
B. Creating
正确
C. Analyzing
D. Presenting


46. Choose the entity that has not published a privacy principle document that includes recognizing a subject&#39;s right to access any of their own privacy data; limitations on the use of privacy data collected from subjects; and security measures for privacy data.

试题解析：Aside from industry-specific legislation, the United States does not have any federal laws outlining how citizens&#39; privacy data should be treated.
All the other entities have published such guidance, and those opt ions are therefore incorrect.
A. Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD)
B. American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA)
C. The European Union (EU) parliament
D. U.S. Congress
正确


47. What was the first international privacy standard specifically for cloud providers?

试题解析：ISO 27018 describes privacy requirements for cloud providers, including an annual audit mandate.
Option A is incorrect because NIST SP 800-37 describes the Risk Management Framework and is not an international privacy standard.
The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act is a Canadian law relating to data privacy. Option B is incorrect.
Option C is incorrect because the PCI DSS is specifically for mertchants who accept credit cards, not cloud providers (while cloud providers may process credit cards, and therefore must follow PCI DSS, option D is preferable, and a better answer).
A. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP) 800-37
B. Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
C. Payment Card Industry
D. ISO 27018
正确


48. An IT security audit is designed to reveal all of the following except__________.

试题解析：An IT security audit is not intended to locate financial fraud; it may, however, lead to such revelations unintentionally. There are specific other audits that exist for this purpose.
All the other options are incorrect because they are intended goals for IT security audits.
A. Financial fraud
正确
B. Malfunctioning controls
C. Inadequate controls
D. Failure to meet target standards and guidelines


49. Who should perform the gap analysis following an audit?

试题解析：Perspectives gained from people outside the audit target are invaluable because they may see possibilities and opportunities revealed by the audit, whereas the personnel in the target department may be constrained by habit and tradition.
Options A and B are incorrect because this poses a conflict of interest.
Option D is incorrect. Audits often reveal sensitive information that does not need to be shared with an external audit body that was not part of the original audit.
A. The security office
B. The auditor
C. A department other than the audit target
正确
D. An external audit body other than the original auditor


50. You are the IT director for a European cloud service provider. In reviewing possible certifications your company may want to acquire for its data centers, you consider the possibilities of the Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) Security, Trust, and Assurance Registry (STAR) program, the Uptime Institute&#39;s tier certification motif, and________

试题解析：The ECSA is designed as a cloud service certification motif for organizations located in Europe.
NIST (which also administers FedRAMP) is designed specifically for federal agencies in the United States and is not applicable for European providers, so options A and B are incorrect.
ISO 27034 deals with an organization&#39;s use of security controls for software; while this may be pertinent to your organization, it is not a comprehensive view of cloud services and is not as beneficial or equivalent to the CSA STAR or Uptime Institute certifications.
Option D is preferable to option C.
A. The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Risk Management Framework (Special Publication [SP] 800 37)
B. The Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP)
C. ISO 27034
D. The EuroCloud Star Audit (ECSA) program
正确


51. An audit scoping statement might include all of the following constraints except______.

试题解析：Auditors may find it necessary to speak to particular individuals in order to locate artifacts and understand the environment. Although there may be some limitation on particular points of contact and nature of interviews, there cannot be a total prohibition.
All the other options are incorrect as they are all facets of audit scoping.
A. Limitation on destructive techniques
B. Prohibition of all personnel interviews
正确
C. Prohibition on access to the production environment
D. Mandate of particular time zone review


52. An audit scoping statement might include constraints on all of the following aspects of an environment except_______.

试题解析：While the auditor is not a law enforcement entity, they will likely have an ethical, if not legal, requirement to report illicit activities discovered during the audit.
All the other options are incorrect as they are all facets of audit scoping.
A. Time spent in the production space
B. Business areas and topics to be reviewed
C. Automated audit tools allowed in the environment
D. Not reviewing illicit activities that may be discovered
正确


53. &nbsp;An audit against the_________will demonstrate that an organization has adequate security controls to meet its ISO 27001 requirements.

试题解析：The 27002 standard contains sets of controls to be used in order to allow the organization to match the security program created for the organization with 27001.
The SAS 70 and SSAE 18 are audit standards for service providers and include some review of security controls but not a cohesive program (and the SAS 70 is outdated); options A and B are not correct.
NIST SP 800-53 allows the organization to craft a set of controls to meet the requirements created for and by the organization when using NIST SP 800-37; option D is incorrect.
A. Statement on Auditing Standards (SAS) 70 standard
B. Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE) 18 standard
C. ISO 27002 certification criteria
正确
D. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP)800-53


54. A(m)________ includes reviewing the organization&#39;s current position/performance as revealed by an audit against a given standard.

试题解析：This is the definition of a gap analysis.
SOC reports are specifIc kinds of audits; option A is incorrect.
The scoping statement is a pre-audit function that aids both the organization and the audi-tor to determine what, specifically, will be audited. Option C is incorrect.
Federal guidelines are government recommendations on how something should be done.
Option D is incorrect.
A. Service Organization Control (SOC) report
B. Gap analysis
正确
C. Audit scoping statement
D. Federal guideline


55. An audit against the________reporting mechanism will demonstrate that an organization has an adequate security control design.

试题解析：This is what a SOC2, Type 1 report is for.
The SOC 1 is for financial reporting; the SOC 2, Type 2 is to review the implementation (not design) of controls; and the SSOC 3 is just an attestation that an audit was performed.
All these opt ions are incorrect.
A. Service Organization Control (SOC) 1
B. SOC2, Type 1
正确
C. SOC2, Type 2
D. SOC3


56. An audit against the__________will demonstrate that an organization has a holistic, comprehensive security program.

试题解析：The ISO 27001 certification is for the information security management system (ISMS), the organization&#39;s entire security program.
The SAS 70 and SSAE 18 are audit standards for service providers and include some review of security controls but not a cohesive program (and the SAS 70 is outdated); options A and B are not correct.
The SOC reports are how SSAE 18 audits are conducted; option C is incorrect.
A. Statement on Auditing Standards (SAS) 70 standard
B. Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE) 18 standard
C. Service Organization Control (SOC) 2, Type 2 report matrix
D. ISO 27001 certification requirementsV
正确


57. You are the security manager for a mid. sized nonprofit organization. Your organization has decided to use a software as a service (SaaS) public cloud provider for its production environment. A service contract audit reveals that while your organization has budgeted for 76 user accounts, there are currently 89 active user accounts. Your organization is paying the contract price, plus a per-account fee for every account over the contracted number. This is an example of costs incurred by_________.

试题解析：This is the definition of shadow TT: unplanned costs from uncontrolled user activity.
This does not constitute a data breach because no data has been disclosed to unauthorized entities; option A is incorrect.
This is not an intrusion because no external entity has gained access to the environment; option C is incorrect.
While shadow IT may be considered a particular kind of insider threat, we usually con-sider insider threats as malicious, and shadow IT is typically the result of benign inten-tions. Option B is better than option D.
A. Data breach
B. Shadow IT
正确
C. Intrusions
D. Insider threat


58. The European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) addresses performance by_______.

试题解析：The GDPR describes requirements for data collection by and transfers to data controllers and processors.
All the other options are incorrect.
A. Data subjects
B. Data controllers
C. Data processors
D. Data controllers and processors
正确


59. Administrative penalties for violating the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) can range up to_______.

试题解析：All the other opt ions are incorrect.
A. US$100,000
B. 500,000 euros
C. 20,000,000 euros
正确
D. 1,000,000 euros


60. You work for a European government agency providing tax counseling services to taxpayers. On your website home page, you include a banner with the following text:&ldquo;As a visitor to this website, I agree that any information I disclose to the Tax Counseling Agency can be used for any and all purposes under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).&quot;This is followed by a button that says,&ldquo;I Agree&quot;: users have to click the button, or they are taken to a page that says,&ldquo;Goodbye. Thank you for visiting the Tax Counseling Agency, and have a nice day.&quot; This method of collecting personal information is________.

试题解析：A government service provider is not allowed to refuse service if an indiv idual refuses to participate in data collection.
Option A is incorrect. There is no requirement for hardcopy.
Option B is incorrect because the provider is a government agency.
Option D is incorrect. The scenario in the question is illegal whether or not the visitor is asked about their nationality.
A. Illegal under the GDPR because it is electronic and needs to be in hard copy
B. Legal under the GDPR
C. IIlegal under the GDPR because it doesn&#39;t allow service if the visitor refuses
正确
D. Illegal under the GDPR because it doesn&#39;t ask the nationality of the visitor


61. Under European Union law, what is the difference between a directive and a regulation?

试题解析：The CCSP candidate is probably most familiar with the European Union&#39;s (EU&#39;s) Data Directive and General Data Protection Regulation in this regard. The directive allows every member country to create its own law that is compliant with the directive; the regulation mandates that all countries comply with the regulation itself.
Both directives and regulations can be enforced by either member st ates or EU interna-tional tribunaIs; option A is not correct.
Both directives and regulations are statutory; option B is not correct.
Both directives and regulations deal with both internal EU matters and those that extend outside Europe; option C is not correct.
A. A directive is enforced by the member states; a regulation is enforced by an international body.
B. A directive is put in place by statute; a regulation is put in place by precedent.
C. A directive is for local laws; a regulation is for laws dealing with matters outside the EU.
D. A directive allows member states to create their own laws; a regulation is applied to all member states.
正确


62. _________is the legal concept whereby a cloud customer is held to a reasonable expectation for providing security of its users&#39; and clients&#39; privacy data.

试题解析：This is an example of due care.
Due diligence is the processes and activities used to ensure that due care is m ainta ined; option B is incorrect.
Liability is the measure of responsibility an entity has for providing due care; option C is incorrect.
Option D has no meaning in this context.
A. I Due care
正确
B. Due diligence
C. Liability
D. Reciprocity


63. The Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) Security, Trust, and Assurance Registry (STAR) program includes a level of certification for cloud providers that acquire third-party assessments of their environment and controls. Which STAR level is this?

试题解析：Level 2 of the CSA STAR program requires third-party assessment of the provider.
Level 1 is a self-assessment; option A is incorrect.
Level 3 requires continual monitoring by a third party; option C is incorrect.
There is no Level 4 of the STAR program.
A. 1
B. 2
正确
C. 3
D. 4


64. U.S. federal entities are required to use cloud data centers within the borders of the United States only. Which law, standard, or requirement mandates this?

试题解析：The FedRAMP standard dictates that American federal agencies must retain their data within the boundaries of the United States, including data within cloud data centers.
FISMA is the federal law requiring agencies to comply with National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) guidance; option A is broader than B, so B is better in this case.
Options C and D are not American laws and therefore not applicable.
A. Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA)
B. Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP)
正确
C. Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD)
D. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)


65. You&#39;re a sophomore at a small, private medical teaching college in the midwestern United States; you make your tuition payments directly from your bank account via a debit card. Which of the following laws and standards will not be applicable to you, your personal data, or the data you work with as a student?

试题解析：SOX is only applicable to publicly traded corporations, not all companies. HIPAA may be applicable to the data you work with as a medical student, if you work with patient data. Your payment and personal data is governed by PCI DSS. FERPA protects your personal student information.
A. Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX)
正确
B. Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
C. Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS)
D. Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)


66. In the United States, who manages the Privacy Shield program for voluntary compliance with European Union (EU) data privacy laws?

试题解析：The Department of Commerce manages the Privacy Shield program in the United States; the Departments of State and Interior do not. There is no Depa rtment of Trade.
A. Department of State
B. Department of Interior
C. Department of Trade
D. Department of Commerce
正确


67. Which of the following countries does not have a federal privacy law that complies with the European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation?

试题解析：Brazil does not yet have federal privacy laws sufficient to be considered accept able for EU compliance. Israel, Australia, and Argentina all do.
A. Argentina
B. Israel
C. Australia
D. Brazil
正确


68. Which of the following countries does mot have a federal privacy law that complies with the European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation?

试题解析：The United States does not have a general nationwide privacy law that complies with the EU privacy statutes; it instead has created industry-specific privacy laws. Canada has a law (Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act) that conforms with the EU laws, as does Switzerland and Japan.
A. Canada
B. United States
正确
C. Switzerland
D. Japan


69. The Privacy Shield program is __________.

试题解析：The Privacy Shield program is for non-EU entities that also do not exist in a country with a nationwide privacy law; no entity is required to join the program, but those who don&#39;t are prevented from collecting and processing EU citizen privacy data. Entities
within the EU are already subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation law and therefore are not eligible or benefited by the Privacy Shield program.
A. Voluntary for non -European Union (EU) entities
正确
B. Mandatory for all EU entities
C. Mandatory for all non-EU entities
D. Voluntary for all EU entities


70. Which of the following is not a way in which an entity located outside the European Union (EU) can be allowed to gather and process privacy data belonging to EU citizens?

试题解析：The General Data Protection Regulation prohibits entities within a country that has no nationwide privacy law from gathering or processing privacy data belonging to EU citizens. Entities can be allowed to do so if the following conditions are met:
Their own country has nationwide laws that comply with the EU laws.
The entity creates contractual language that complies with the EU laws and has that language approved by each EU country from which the entity wishes to gather citizen data.
The entity voluntarily subscribes to its own nation&#39;s Privacy Shield program.
There is no process for the entity to appeal to the EU for permission to do so, however.
A. Be located in a country with a nationwide law that complies with the EU laws.
B. Appeal to the EU High Court for permission.
正确
C. Create binding contractual language that complies with the EU laws.
D. Join the Privacy Shield program in its own country.


71. The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) is a multinational entity that creates nonbinding policy suggestions for its member countries. The OECD has published recommendations for privacy laws. The OECD privacy principles influenced which lawmaking body and are readily apparent in the law(s) it created?

试题解析：The EU crafted first the EU Data Directive and then the General Data Protection Regulation largely according to the OECD guidelines. The US Congress has (at the time of this writing) made no broad federal privacy law and instead has treated personal privacy on an industry-by-industry basis. The Politburo no longer exists. The ISO is not a lawmaking body.
A. U.S. Congress
B. European Union (EU)
正确
C. Politburo
D. International Standards Organization (ISO)


72. The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) is a multinational entity that creates nonbinding policy suggestions for its member countries. The OECD has published recommendations for privacy laws. One of the characteristics the OECD suggests that privacy laws include is the ______.

试题解析：The openness principle requires any entity that gathers personally identifiable information (PII) about a person to allow that person to access the information. The other answers are meaningless in this context.
A. Volcanic principle
B. Inherency principle
C. Repository principle
D. Openness principle
正确


73. The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) is a multinational entity that creates nonbinding policy suggestions for its member countries. The OECD has published recommendations for privacy laws. One of the characteristics the OECD suggests that privacy laws include is the_______.

试题解析：The security safeguards principle requires any entity that gathers personally identifiable information (I) about a person to protect that data against unauthorized access and modification. The other answers are meaningless in this context.
A. Transient data principle
B. Security safeguards principle
正确
C. Longtrack resiliency principle
D. Arbitrary insulation principle


74. The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) is a multinational entity that creates nonbinding policy suggestions for its member countries. The OECD has published recommendations for privacy laws. One of the characteristics the OECD suggests that privacy laws include is the_______.

试题解析：The use limitation principle requires any entity that gathers personally identifiable information (PII) about a person to restrict the use of that PII to that which was permitted by the data subject and the reason given when it was collected. The other answers are meaningless in this context.
A. Use limitation principle
正确
B. Erstwhile substitution principle
C. Flatline cohesion principle
D. Airstream fluidity principle


75. The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) is a multinational entity that creates nonbinding policy suggestions for its member countries. The OECD has published recommendations for privacy laws. One of the characteristics the OECD suggests that privacy laws include is the ________.

试题解析：The purpose specification principle requires any entity that gathers personally identifiable information (PII) about a person to clearly state the explicit purpose for which the PII will be used. The other answers are meaningless in this context.
A. s Archipelago enhancement principle
B. Solidity restoration principle
C. Netherworking substrate principle
D. Purpose specification principle
正确


76. The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) is a multinational entity that creates nonbinding policy suggestions for its member countries. The OECD has published recommendations for privacy laws. One of the characteristics the OECD suggests that privacy laws include is the_________.

试题解析：The data quality principle requires any entity that gathers personally identifiable information (PII) about a person to ensure that the data remains valid and accurate and allows for correct ions by the data subject. The other answers are meaningless in this&nbsp;context.
A. Data quality principle
正确
B. Transformative neologism principle
C. Encryption matrices principle
D. Restful state principle


77. The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) is a multinational entity that creates nonbinding policy suggestions for its member countries. The OECD has published recommendations for privacy laws. One of the characteristics the OECD suggests that privacy laws include is the ________.

试题解析：The collection limitation principle requires any entity that gathers personally identifiable information (PII) about a person to restrict data collection to only information that is necessary for the transaction, and only with the know ledge and permission of the individual. The other options are meaningless in this context.
A. Amorphous curtailment principle
B. Collection limitation principle
正确
C. State-based incorporation principle
D. Hard. copy instantiation principle


78. Which of the following is not a way of managing risk?

试题解析：Streamlining is a nonsense term in this context. All the other options represent normal ways of addressing risk. Mitigation is the use of controls to attenuate the impact or likelihood (or both) of risk, acceptance is allowing the business to function with no further&nbsp;action, and avoidance is halting the business function.
A. s Mitigation
B. Acceptance
C. Avoidance
D. Streamlining
正确


79. Which of the following is not an enforceable governmental request?

试题解析：An affidavit is only a form of formal testimony presented to the court. All the other options are enforceable governmental requests.
A. Warrant
B. Subpoena
C. Court order
D. Affidavit
正确


80. Under European Union (EU) law, a cloud customer who gives sensitive data to a cloud provider is still legally responsible for the damages resulting from a data breach caused by the provider; the EU would say that it is the cloud customer&#39;s fault for choosing the wrong provider. This is an example of insufficient

试题解析：A party who does not perform sufficient due diligence in choosing a contractor can be held accountable for the actions made by that contractor. In current privacy and data laws, this is usually the government&#39;s perspective regarding wrongdoing on the part of cloud prov iders.
All the other options are incorrect because they are simply legal terms that do not correctly a nswer the question.
A. Proof
B. Evidence
C. Due diligence
正确
D. Application of reasonableness


81. Alice and Bob want to use the Internet to communicate privately. They each have their own asymmetric key pairs and want to use them to create temporary symmetric keys for each connection or session. Which of the following will enable them to do this?

试题解析：The Diffie-Hellman key exchange process is designed to allow two parties to create a shared secret (symmetric key) over an untrusted medium. RADIUS is an outmoded access
control service for remote users. RSA is an encryption scheme. TACACS is a network access protocol set used through a centralized server.
A. Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS)
B. Rivest-Shamir Adelman (RSA) encryption
C. Diffe-Hellman exchange
正确
D. Terminal Access Controller Access- Control System (TACACS)


82. The Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) Security, Trust, and Assurance Registry (STAR) program&#39;s tier of self-assessment is which of the following?

试题解析：Tier 1 is the lowest tier of the STAR program, involving only self-assessment.
A. Tier 1
正确
B. Tier2
C. Tier5
D. Tier 8


83. The Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) Security, Trust, and Assurance Registry (STAR) program has________ tiers.

试题解析：TThe STAR program has three tiers.
A. Two
B. Three
正确
C. Four
D. Eight


84. Which of the following is a U.S. audit standard often used to evaluate cloud providers?

试题解析：The Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE) 18 is the current&nbsp;AICPA (American Institute of Certified Public Accountants) audit st andard.
ISO 27001 is an international audit standard.
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX) is a U.S. law pertaining to publicly traded corporations.
There is no such thing as the IEC 43770 standard.
A. ISO 27001
B. SOX
C. SSAE 18
正确
D. IEC 43770


