1. 通过特定的威胁/脆弱性/风险关系，已经执行了基本的定量风险分析。选择一个可能的对策。当再次计算时，下列哪个因素会变化?
You&rsquo;ve performed a basic quantitative risk analysis on a specific threat/vulnerability/risk relation. You select a possible countermeasure. When performing the calculations again, which of the following factors will change?

A. 暴露因子
Exposure factor
B. 单一损失期望
Single loss expectancy (SLE)
C. 资产价值
Asset value
D. 年发生比率
Annualized rate of occurrence
正确


2. 由于缺少灭火器， 你意识到一场火灾的威胁和脆弱性， 然后开始执行风险分析。基于这些信息，下列哪些是可能的风险?
While performing a risk analysis, you identify a threat of fire and a vulnerability because there are no fire extinguishers. Based on this information, which of the following is a possible risk?

A. 病毒感染
Virus infection
B. 设备损坏
Damage to equipment
正确
C. 系统故障
System malfunction
D. 未授权地访问机密信息
Unauthorized access to confidential information


3. 以下哪一项没有具体或直接关系到组织的安全功能管理?
Which of the following is not specifically or directly related to managing the security function of an organization?

A. 员工工作满意度
Worker job satisfaction
正确
B. 度量
Metrics
C. 信息安全策略
Information security strategies
D. 预算
Budget


4. 什么样的流程或事件通常是由组织主持， 针对具有相似工作职能的员工群体?
What process or event is typically hosted by an organization and is targeted to groups of employees with similar job functions?

A. 教育
Education
B. 意识
Awareness
C. 培训
Training
正确
D. 解雇
Termination


5. 什么安全控制直接关注于防止共谋?
What security control is directly focused on preventing collusion?

A. 最小特权原则
Principle of least privilege
B. 工作描述
Job descriptions
C. 职责分离
Separation of duties
正确
D. 定量的风险分析
Qualitative risk analysis


6. 一家公司的防护措施的价值怎样计算?
How is the value of a safeguard to a company calculated?

A. 使用防护措施前的ALE-使用防护措施后的ALE 防护措施的年度成本
ALE before safeguard &ndash; ALE after implementing the safeguard &ndash; annual cost of safeguard
正确
B. 防护前ALE*防护措施的ARO
ALE before safeguard * ARO of safeguard
C. 执行防护后ALE+年度防护价值-控制间隙
ALE after implementing safeguard + annual cost of safeguard&ndash; controls gap
D. 总风险一控制间隙
Total risk &ndash; controls gap


7. 单一损失期望是怎样计算的?
How is single loss expectancy (SLE) calculated?

A. 威胁+脆弱性
Threat + vulnerability
B. 资产价值*暴露因子
Asset value ($) * exposure factor
正确
C. 年发生比率*脆弱性
Annualized rate of occurrence * vulnerability
D. 年发生比率*资产价值*暴露因子
Annualized rate of occurrence * asset value * exposure factor


8. 当评估防护措施时， 在大多数情况下应遵循什么规则?
When evaluating safeguards, what is the rule that should be followed in most cases?

A. 资产年度损失期望成本不应该超过年度的保护成本。
The expected annual cost of asset loss should not exceed the annual costs of safeguards.
B. 防护措施的年度成本应该等于资产价值。
The annual costs of safeguards should equal the value of the asset.
C. 防护措施的年度成本不应该超过资产的年度损失期望。
The annual costs of safeguards should not exceed the expected annual cost of asset loss.
正确
D. 防护措施的年度成本不应该超过安全预算的10% 。
The annual costs of safeguards should not exceed 10 percent of the security budget.


9. 下列哪一项不是有效的风险定义?
Which of the following is not a valid definition for risk?

A. 几率、可能性或机会的评估
An assessment of probability, possibility, or chance
B. 移除脆弱性或防止一个(或多个)特定攻击发生的任何事情
Anything that removes a vulnerability or protects against one or more specific threats
正确
C. 风险=威胁*脆弱性
Risk = threat * vulnerability
D. 每个暴露实例
Every instance of exposure


10. 当没有或缺乏防护措施和对策时， 会存在什么?
When a safeguard or a countermeasure is not present or is not sufficient, what remains?

A. 脆弱性
Vulnerability
正确
B. 暴露
Exposure
C. 风险
Risk
D. 渗透
Penetration


11. 以下哪一项表示偶然的或有意的漏洞利用?
Which of the following represents accidental or intentional exploitations of vulnerabilities?

A. 威胁事件
Threat events
正确
B. 风险
Risks
C. 威胁代理
Threat agents
D. 破坏
Breaches


12. 在风险分析中， 下列哪一项一般不会被认为是资产?
Which of the following would generally not be considered an asset in a risk analysis?

A. 开发过程
A development process
B. IT 基础设施
An IT infrastructure
C. 专有的系统资源
A proprietary system resource
D. 用户的个人文件
Users&rsquo; personal files
正确


13. 下列哪一项不是风险分析过程中的元素?
Which of the following is not an element of the risk analysis process?

A. 为风险分析环境。
Analyzing an environment for risks
B. 为防护措施创建成本/收益报告并提交给上层管理者。
Creating a cost/benefit report for safeguards to present to upper management
C. 选择适当的防护措施并实施它们。
Selecting appropriate safeguards and implementing them
正确
D. 评估每个威胁事件， 及其发生和造成损害的成本和可能性。Evaluating each threat event as to its likelihood of occurring and cost of the resulting damage


14. 以下哪一项不是正确的?
Which of the following statements is not true?

A. IT 安全只能针对逻辑性或技术性的攻击提供保护。
IT security can provide protection only against logical or technical attacks.
B. 实现风险管理目标的过程被称为风险分析。
The process by which the goals of risk management are achieved is known as risk analysis.
C. 对于IT 基础设施的风险是以所有计算机为基础的。
Risks to an IT infrastructure are all computer based.
正确
D. 资产是在业务流程或任务中使用的任何东西。
An asset is anything used in a business process or task.


15. _____ 什么的一部分是业务流程和组织策略的逻辑和实际调查。这个过lV策略审查确保定期的和执行的业务任务、系统和方法是可行、有效的， 并且具有成本效益，但最重要的是(至少相对于安全治理)， 他们通过减少脆弱性和避免、减少或缓解风险来支持安全性。
A portion of the _______ is the logical and practical investigation of business processes and organizational policies. This process/policy review ensures that the stated and implemented business tasks, systems, and methodologies are practical, efficient, and cost-effective, but most of all (at least in relation to security governance) that they support security through the reduction of vulnerabilities and the avoidance, reduction, or mitigation of risk.

A. 混合评估
Hybrid assessment
B. 风险规避过程
Risk aversion process
C. 对策选择
Countermeasure selection
D. 文档审查
Documentation review
正确


16. 如果一个组织与外部实体签订合同， 提供关键业务功能或服务， 例如账户或技术支持。用于确保这些实体能够提供充分的安全性的流程被称为什么?If an organization contracts with outside entities to provide key business functions or services, such as account or technical support, what is the process called that is used to ensure that these entities support sufficient security?

A. 资产识别
Asset identification
B. 第三方管理
Third-party governance
正确
C. 离职审查
Exit interview
D. 定性分析
Qualitative analysis


17. 当员工被解雇时， 接下来应该做什么?
When an employee is to be terminated, which of the following should be done?

A. 在他们被正式解雇前几个小时通知员工。
Inform the employee a few hours before they are officially terminated.
B. 一旦他们被通知解雇， 就禁用员工的网络访问权。
Disable the employee&rsquo;s network access just as they are informed of the termination.
正确
C. 发送一封广播的电子邮件通知大家，某个员工将被解雇。
Send out a broadcast email informing everyone that a specific employee is to be terminated.
D. 等到你和雇员是楼里唯一剩下的人时宣布解雇。
Wait until you and the employee are the only people remaining in the building before announcing the termination.


18. 以下哪一项是离职面谈的主要目的?
Which of the following is a primary purpose of an exit interview?

A. 返还离职员工的个人物品。
To return the exiting employee&rsquo;s personal belongings
B. 审查保密协议。
To review the nondisclosure agreement
正确
C. 评估离职员工的表现。
To evaluate the exiting employee&rsquo;s performance
D. 取消离职员工的网络访问账户
To cancel the exiting employee&rsquo;s network access accounts


19. 当试图雇佣新员工时， 首先要做什么?
When seeking to hire new employees, what is the first step?

A. 创建工作描述
Create a job description.
正确
B. 设置职位分类
Set position classification.
C. 审查候选人
Screen candidates.
D. 要求简历
Request r&eacute;sum&eacute;s.


