1. 您组织内的服务器最近遭到了攻击并造成多次的停机。你被要求去检查系统是否存在攻击者可能用于利用网络中其他系统的已知漏洞发起攻击。以下哪项可以最好的满足此需求？Servers within your organization were recently attacked causing an excessive outage. You are asked to check systems for known issues that attackers may use to exploit other systems in your network. Which of the following is the best choice to meet this need?

A. 版本跟踪
Versioning tracker
B. 漏洞扫描
Vulnerability scanner
正确
C. 安全审计
Security audit
D. 安全审查
Security review


2. &nbsp;以下哪一项不是补丁管理过程的一部分?Which of the following is not a part of a patch management process?

A. 评估补丁
Evaluate patches.
B. 测试补丁
Test patches.
C. 部署所有补丁
Deploy all patches.
正确
D. 审计补丁
Audit patches.


3. 在解决网络问题时，技术员意识到该问题能够通过在防火墙上打开一个端口得到解决。技术员打开了端口，并检查了系统的工作状态。然而，网络攻击者访问了这个端口， 并发起了一次成功的攻击。怎样才能预防该问题的发生?While troubleshooting a network problem, a technician realized the problem could be resolved by opening a port on a firewall. The technician opened the port and verified the system was now working. However, an attacker accessed this port and launched a successful attack. What could have prevented this problem?

A. 补丁管理流程
Patch management processes
B. 漏洞管理流程
Vulnerability management processes
C. 配置管理流程
Configuration management processes
D. 变更管理流程
Change management processes
正确


4. 以下哪个步骤将不包括在变更管理流程中?Which of the following steps would not be included in a change management process?

A. 如果能提高性能，立即实施变革
Immediately implement the change if it will improve performance.
正确
B. 请求更改
Request the change.
C. 为变更创建回滚计划
Create a rollback plan for the change.
D. 文档变更
Document the change.


5. &nbsp;以下哪一项是使用基线的一种有效的配置管理方法?Which of the following can be an effective method of configuration management using a baseline?

A. 实施变更管理
Implementing change management
B. 使用镜像
Using images
正确
C. 实施漏洞管理
Implementing vulnerability management
D. 实施补丁管理
Implementing patch management


6. 需要对已达到生命周期的备份磁带进行处理。以下哪一项是最合适的处理方法?Backup tapes have reached the end of their lifecycle and need to be disposed of. Which of the following is the most appropriate disposal method?

A. 把它们扔掉。因为它们的生命周期结束了，所以不可能从它们读出数据
Throw them away. Because they are at the end of their lifecycle, it is not possible to read data from them.
B. 对它们进行处理之前清除磁带上的所有数据
Purge the tapes of all data before disposing of them.
正确
C. 对它们进行处理之前擦除磁带上的数据
Erase data off the tapes before disposing of them.
D. 把磁带存储在存储设施里
Store the tapes in a storage facility.


7. 组织使用的是软件即服务(SaaS)这种基于云的服务来与其他组织共享。这种描述是以下哪种类型的部署模型?An organization is using a SaaS cloud-based service shared with another organization. What type of cloud-based deployment model does this describe?

A. 公有
Public
B. 私有
Private
C. 共同
Community
正确
D. 混合
Hybrid


8. 一些基于云计算的服务模型需要组织来执行维护，并担负一些安全责任。以下哪个模型承担组织租用基于云资源的主要职责?Some cloud-based service models require an organization to perform some maintenance and take responsibility for some security. Which of the following is a service model that places most of these responsibilities on the organization leasing the cloud-based resources?

A. 基础设施即服务
IaaS
正确
B. 平台即服务
PaaS
C. 软件即服务
SaaS
D. 混合云
Hybrid


9. 以下哪一项是关于运行在物理服务器上作为客户机操作系统的虚拟机的正确描述?Which of the following is a true statement regarding virtual machines (VMs) running as guest operating systems on physical servers?

A. 通过更新物理服务器自动更新虚拟机
Updating the physical server automatically updates the VMs.
B. 通过更新任意VM自动更新虚拟机
Updating any VM automatically updates all the VMs.
C. 虚拟机不用更新，只更新物理机就可以了
VMs do not need to be updated if the physical server is updated.
D. 虚拟机必须单独更新
VMs must be updated individually.
正确


10. 组织想要减少针对恶意欺诈员工的漏洞。下列哪些选项能达到这个目标? (选择所有适用的)
&nbsp;An organization wants to reduce vulnerabilities against fraud from malicious employees. Of the following choices, what would help with this goal? (Choose all that apply.)

A. 岗位轮换
Job rotation
正确
B. 职责分离
Separation of duties
正确
C. 强制休假
Mandatory vacations
正确
D. 基线
&nbsp;Baselining


11. &nbsp;组织正在规划新的将容纳数据中心建筑的布局。数据中心最合适放置在什么地方?An organization is planning the layout of a new building that will house a datacenter. Where is the most appropriate place to locate the datacenter?

A. 在大楼中心
In the center of the building
正确
B. 临近进入大楼的电源，靠近外墙位置
Closest to the outside wall where power enters the building
C. 靠近供热、通风和空调系统的位置
Closest to the outside wall where heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems are located
D. 在楼的后面
At the back of the building


12. 在设备生命周期结束且正在捐献给慈善机构时，应该做什么?What should be done with equipment that is at the end of its lifecycle and is being donated to a charity?

A. 删除所有CD和DVD
Remove all CDs and DVDs.
B. 删除所有软件
Remove all software licenses.
C. 净化设备
Sanitize it.
正确
D. 安装正版软件
Install the original software.


13. 如果供应商不担负规定的责任，以下哪一项确定供应商的责任，包括罚款?Which of the following identifies vendor responsibilities and can include monetary penalties if the vendor doesn&rsquo;t meet the stated responsibilities?

A. 服务级别协议(SLA)
Service-level agreement (SLA)
正确
B. 签署备忘录(MOU)
Memorandum of understanding (MOU)
C. 互联安全协议(ISA)
Interconnection security agreement (ISA)
D. 软件定义服务(SaaS)
Software as a service (SaaS)


14. 下列选项中，对于特殊权限什么是不相关的有效安全做法?Of the following choices, what is not a valid security practice related to special privileges?

A. 监控特权分配
Monitor special privilege assignments.
B. 授予管理员和操作员同等访问权
Grant access equally to administrators and operators.
正确
C. 监控特权使用
Monitor special privilege usage.
D. 只授予受信任员工访问权限
Grant access to only trusted employees.


15. &nbsp;以下哪一项是组织实施强制性休假制度的主要原因?Which of the following is one of the primary reasons an organization enforces a mandatory vacation policy?

A. 为了轮转工作职责
To rotate job responsibilities
B. 为了发现欺诈
To detect fraud
正确
C. 为了提高员工生产力
To increase employee productivity
D. 为了减轻员工的压力
To reduce employee stress levels


16. 金融机构通常让员工每半年轮换一次岗位。他们采用了什么安全原则?A financial organization commonly has employees switch duty responsibilities every six months. What security principle are they employing?

A. 岗位轮换
Job rotation
正确
B. 职责分离
Separation of duties
C. 强制休假
Mandatory vacations
D. 最小特权
Least privilege


17. 岗位轮换和职责分离策略的主要好处是什么?What is a primary benefit of job rotation and separation of duties policies?

A. 防止合谋
Preventing collusion
B. 防止欺诈
Preventing fraud
正确
C. 促进合谋
Encouraging collusion
D. 纠正事件
Correcting incidents


18. 为什么对于安全目标来说职责分离是重要的?Which of the following statements best describes why separation of duties is important for security purposes?

A. 确保了多个人可以做同样的工作
It ensures that multiple people can do the same job.
B. 当他们失去重要的人时， 可以防止组织失去重要的信息
It prevents an organization from losing important information when they lose important people.
C. 可以防止任何单个安全人员做出重大安全更改而不涉及其他个人
It prevents any single IT security person from making major security changes without involving other individuals.
正确
D. 可以帮助员工集中他们的聪明才智， 他们将是最有用的人
It helps employees concentrate their talents where they will be most useful.


19. &nbsp;管理员正在为数据库授予权限。管理员应该授予新用户什么默认级别?An administrator is granting permissions to a database. What is the default level of access the administrator should grant to new users in the organization?

A. 读
Read
B. 修改
Modify
C. 完全访问
Full access
D. 禁止访问
No access
正确


