1. NIST 特殊出版物800-115(信息安全测试和评估技术指南)，提供了NIST 的渗透测试过程。使用此图以及你的渗透测试知识，回答以下问题。
For questions , please refer to the following scenario. NIST Special Publication 800-115, the Technical Guide to Information Security Testing and Assessment, provides NIST&rsquo;s process for penetration testing. Use this image as well as your knowledge of penetration testing to answer the questions.


2. 在端口扫描期间，Ben使用nmap默认设置，并会看到以下结果。使用此信息回答以下三个问题。
For questions , please refer to the following scenario. During a port scan, Ben uses nmap&rsquo;s default settings and sees the following results


3. Ben的组织已经开始使用STRIDE来评估他们的软件，并确定了威胁代理和这些威胁可能产生的业务影响。现在，他们正努力确定所标出的问题的适当控制方式。使用STRIDE模型回答以下三个问题。
For questions , please refer to the following scenario:
Ben&rsquo;s organization has begun to use STRIDE to assess its software and has identified threat agents and the business impacts that these threats could have. Now they are working to identify appropriate controls for the issues they have identified.

4. 按照正确的顺序放置以下Fagan检验代码评审元素。
A.&nbsp;追查
B.&nbsp;检验
C.&nbsp;概述
D.&nbsp;规划
E.&nbsp;准备
F.&nbsp;重做
&nbsp;Place the following elements of a Fagan inspection code review in the correct order.
A. Follow-up
B. Inspection
C. Overview
D. Planning
E. Preparation
F. Rework

A. 看答案
正确
B. 不看答案


5. Susan 是公司质量保证团队的负责人，该团队的任务是测试他们公司核心软件产品
的主要版本。使用你掌握的代码审查和测试知识回答以下问题。
For questions , please refer to the following scenario:
Susan is the lead of a Quality Assurance team at her company. The team has been tasked with the testing for a major release of their company&rsquo;s core software product.

6. Kara使用nmap对她控制下的系统进行扫描，并收到下面显示的结果。请参考这些结果来回答问题。
Kara used nmap to perform a scan of a system under her control and received the results shown here. Refer to these results to answer questions .


7. &nbsp;请将带有编号的扫描类型与相应带有字母的描述相匹配。您应该仅使用每个项目一次。
扫描类型：
1. TCP Connect
2. TCP ACK
3. TCP SYN
4. Xmas
扫描描述
A. 发送打开新连接的请求
B. 完成三次握手
C. 发送一个伪装成活动控制一部分的数据包
D. 发送带有FIN、PSH和URG标志的数据包
&nbsp;Match each of the numbered scanning types with the appropriate lettered description shown. You should use each item exactly once.
Scanning types
1. TCP Connect
2. TCP ACK
3. TCP SYN
4. Xmas
Scanning descriptions
A. Sends a request to open a new connection
B. Completes a three-way handshake
C. Sends a packet disguised as part of an active control
D. Sends a packet with the FIN, PSH, and URG flags set

A. 看答案
正确
B. 不看答案


8. 在这张图中，由于日志处理设置可能会引起什么问题？

&nbsp;In this image, what issue may occur due to the log handling settings?


A. 日志归档后，日志数据可能丢失
Log data may be lost when the log is archived.
B. 日志数据可能被覆盖
Log data may be overwritten.
C. 日志数据也许不包括需求信息
&nbsp;Log data may not include needed information.
D. 日志数据可能填满系统磁盘
&nbsp;Log data may fill the system disk.
正确


9. Jacob 是组织的安全管理员，他为组织的管理团队提供了以下图表。他提供什么类型的测试？

&nbsp;As part of his role as a security manager, Jacob provides the following chart to his organization&rsquo;s management team. What type of measurement is he providing for them?


A. 覆盖率测试
A coverage rate measure
B. 关键绩效指标
&nbsp;A key performance indicator
正确
C. 生存时间指标
A time to live metric
D. 业务关键指标
&nbsp;A business criticality indicator


10. 根据以下场景，回答问题。Chris 使用这里显示的标准渗透测试方法。使用这种方法和你掌握的渗透测试知识，回答以下关于在渗透测试中使用工具的问题。

For questions , please refer to the following scenario. Chris uses the standard penetration testing methodology shown here. Use this methodology and your knowledge of penetration testing to answer questions about tool usage during a penetration test.


11. 参照以下情景回答问题。
Jennifer 工作的公司已经部署了一个中央日志记录基础结构，如下图所示。使用此图表和你掌握的记录系统的知识来回答以下问题。

&nbsp;please refer to the following scenario:
The company that Jennifer works for has implemented a central logging infrastructure, as shown in the following image. Use this diagram and your knowledge of logging systems to answer the following questions.


12. &nbsp;Alex正在使用nmap扫描系统端口，并且他在结果中发现了三个不同端口的状态消息。请将每个数字标识的状态消息与相应的字母标识的描述相匹配。你应该使用每项一次。
状态消息
1. 打开
2. 关闭
3. 过滤
描述
A. 在远程系统上端口可访问，但没有应用程序接受该端口上的连接。
B. 在远程系统上无法访问该端口。
C. 在远程系统上该端口可访问，并且应用程序正在接受该端口上的连接。
Alex is using nmap to perform port scanning of a system, and he receives three different port status messages in the results. Match each of the numbered status messages with the appropriate lettered description. You should use each item exactly once.
Status message
1. Open
2. Closed
3. Filtered
Description
A. The port is accessible on the remote system, but no application is accepting connections on that port.
B. The port is not accessible on the remote system.
C. The port is accessible on the remote system, and an application is accepting connections on that port.

A. 看答案
正确
B. 不看答案


13. 按照NIST SP 800-53A设计评估时，哪项评估部分包括策略和程序？
When designing an assessment following NIST SP 800-53A, which assessment component includes policies and procedures?

A. 规格
Specifications
正确
B. 机制
Mechanisms
C. 活动
Activities
D. 个体
Individuals


14. MITRE的CVE数据库提供什么类型的信息？
MITRE&rsquo;s CVE database provides what type of information?

A. 当前版本的软件
Current versions of software
B. 应用程序的补丁信息
Patching information for applications
C. 漏洞信息
Vulnerability information
正确
D. 为通用流程列出成本和所需努力的对比
A list of costs versus effort required for common processes


15. 漏洞扫描程序找不到什么类型的漏洞？
What type of vulnerabilities will not be found by a vulnerability scanner?

A. 本地漏洞
Local vulnerabilities
B. 服务漏洞
Service vulnerabilities
C. 零日漏洞
Zero-day vulnerabilities
正确
D. 需要验证的漏洞
Vulnerabilities that require authentication


16. Nmap是什么类型工具的例子？
Nmap is an example of what type of tool?

A. 漏洞扫描器
Vulnerability scanner
B. Web应用程序模糊器
Web application fuzzer
C. 网络设计和布局
Network design and layout
D. 端口扫描器
Port scanner
正确


17. 在组织的渗透测试中，Kathleen的IPS检测到设置了URG、FIN和PSH标志的端口扫描，并发出警报。渗透测试人员正在尝试什么类型的扫描？
During a penetration test of her organization, Kathleen&rsquo;s IPS detects a port scan that has the URG, FIN, and PSH flags set and produces an alarm. What type of scan is the penetration tester attempting?

A. SYN扫描 
A SYN scan
B. TCP标志扫描
A TCP flag scan
C. An Xmas扫描
An Xmas scan
正确
D. ACK扫描
An ACK scan


18. Kevin是一名数据库管理员，他想使用一个工具来测试他的数据库的安全性。以下哪种工具最适合此目的？
Kevin is a database administrator and would like to use a tool designed to test the security of his databases. Which one of the following tools is best suited for this purpose?

A. sqlmap
sqlmap
正确
B. nmap
nmap
C. sqlthrash
sqlthrash
D. Nessus
Nessus


19. 在执行渗透测试之前应该进行的第一步是什么？
What is the first step that should occur before a penetration test is performed?

A. 数据收集
Data gathering
B. 端口扫描
Port scanning
C. 获得许可
Getting permission
正确
D. 计划
Planning


20. 应用程序威胁建模中使用什么类型图表来描述恶意用户、缓解和威胁等？
What type of diagram used in application threat modeling includes malicious users as well as descriptions like mitigates and threatens?

A. 威胁树
Threat trees
B. STRIDE图表
STRIDE charts
C. 误用用例图表
Misuse case diagrams
正确
D. DREAD图表
DREAD diagrams


21. Saria需要编写一个代码审查方案需求，并希望确保审查人员将其组织的应用程序背后的业务逻辑考虑在内。她应在RFP中指定什么类型的代码审查？
Saria needs to write a request for proposal for code review and wants to ensure that the reviewers take the business logic behind her organization&rsquo;s applications into account. What type of code review should she specify in the RFP?

A. 静态
Static
B. 模糊
Fuzzing
C. 手动
Manual
正确
D. 动态
Dynamic


22. 什么技术依赖于检查代码而不运行它？
What technique relies on reviewing code without running it?

A. 模糊
Fuzzing
B. 黑盒分析
Black box analysis
C. 静态分析
Static analysis
正确
D. 灰盒分析
Gray box analysis


23. Ken正在为他的团队开发的软件，设计一个测试过程。他正在设计一个测试，来验证测试期间是否执行了每一行代码。Ken在执行什么类型的分析？
Ken is designing a testing process for software developed by his team. He is designing a test that verifies that every line of code was executed during the test. What type of analysis is Ken performing?

A. 分支覆盖
Branch coverage
B. 条件覆盖
Condition coverage
C. 函数覆盖
Function coverage
D. 语句覆盖
Statement coverage
正确


24. Ryan正在考虑在他的Web应用程序测试程序中使用模糊测试。在做出决定时，Ryan应该考虑以下哪项模糊测试的限制？
Ryan is considering the use of fuzz testing in his web application testing program. Which one of the following limitations of fuzz testing should Ryan consider when making his decision?

A. 他们通常只发现简单的错误。
They often find only simple faults.
B. 测试人员必须手动生成输入。
Testers must manually generate input.
正确
C. 模糊测试器可能无法完全覆盖代码。
Fuzzers may not fully cover the code.
D. 模糊测试器不能再现错误。
&nbsp;Fuzzers can&rsquo;t reproduce errors.


25. Chris正在解决其组织的SIEM报告中的一个问题。在分析了这个问题之后，他认为来自不同系统的日志条目上的时间戳是不一致的。他可以使用什么协议来解决这个问题？
Chris is troubleshooting an issue with his organization&rsquo;s SIEM reporting. After analyzing the issue, he believes that the timestamps on log entries from different systems are inconsistent. What protocol can he use to resolve this issue?

A. SSH
SSH
B. FTP
FTP
C. TLS
TLS
D. NTP
NTP
正确


26. 什么类型的漏洞扫描可访问运行系统的配置信息，并可通过网络提供服务的访问信息？
What type of vulnerability scan accesses configuration information from the systems it is run against as well as information that can be accessed via services available via the network?

A. 经过身份验证的扫描
Authenticated scans
正确
B. Web应用程序扫描
Web application scans
C. 未经验证的扫描
Unauthenticated scans
D. 端口扫描
Port scans


27. 在访问日志审查期间， Alex注意到Danielle每天上午8点在纽约登录她的工作站，但系统却是这样记录的：她每天凌晨3点登录部门的主要网络应用程序。Alex可能遇到什么常见的日志问题？
During a review of access logs, Alex notices that Danielle logged into her workstation in New York at 8 a.m. daily but that she was recorded as logging into her department&rsquo;s main web application shortly after 3 a.m. daily. What common logging issue has Alex likely encountered?

A. 日志格式不一致
Inconsistent log formatting
B. 修改日志
Modified logs
C. 不一致的时间戳
Inconsistent timestamps
正确
D. 多个日志源
Multiple log sources


28. 重新启动Windows系统时，会生成什么类型的日志？
When a Windows system is rebooted, what type of log is generated?

A. 错误
Error
B. 警告
Warning
C. 信息
Information
正确
D. 审计失败
Failure audit


29. Ken很难将来自组织中不同安全团队的信息关联起来。具体来说，他希望找到一种以一致方式来描述操作系统的方法。什么SCAP组件可以帮助他？
Ken is having difficulty correlating information from different security teams in his organization. Specifically, he would like to find a way to describe operating systems in a consistent fashion. What SCAP component can assist him?

A. CVE
CVE
B. CPE
CPE
正确
C. CWE
CWE
D. OVAL
OVAL


30. Jim正在设计组织的日志管理系统，并且他知道需要仔细规划，来处理组织的日志数据。以下哪项不是Jim应该关注的因素？
Jim is designing his organization&rsquo;s log management systems and knows that he needs to carefully plan to handle the organization&rsquo;s log data. Which of the following is not a factor that Jim should be concerned with?

A. 日志数据量
The volume of log data
B. 缺乏足够的日志源
A lack of sufficient log sources
正确
C. 数据存储安全要求
Data storage security requirements
D. 网络带宽
Network bandwidth


31. Susan需要确保她的电子商务应用程序组件之间的交互都正确处理，她打算在整个基础设施中验证通信、错误处理和会话管理功能。她计划进行什么类型的测试？
Susan needs to ensure that the interactions between the components of her e-commerce application are all handled properly. She intends to verify communications, error handling, and session management capabilities throughout her infrastructure. What type of testing is she planning to conduct?

A. 误用用例测试
Misuse case testing
B. Fuzzing
Fuzzing
C. 回归测试
Regression testing
D. 接口测试
Interface testing
正确


32. Jim正在与一个渗透测试承包商合作，该承包商建议将Metasploit作为渗透测试工作的一部分。当使用metasploit时，Jim应该期望发生什么？
Jim is working with a penetration testing contractor who proposes using Metasploit as part of her penetration testing effort. What should Jim expect to occur when Metasploit is used?

A. 系统将进行漏洞扫描。
Systems will be scanned for vulnerabilities.
B. 系统将利用已知的漏洞。
Systems will have known vulnerabilities exploited.
正确
C. 服务将被探测缓冲区溢出和其他未知缺陷。
Services will be probed for buffer overflow and other unknown flaws.
D. 系统将接受0day漏洞利用测试。
Systems will be tested for zero-day exploits.


33. Nikto、Burp Suite 和Wapiti 都是什么类型工具？
Nikto, Burp Suite, and Wapiti are all examples of what type of tool?

A. Web 应用程序漏洞扫描器
Web application vulnerability scanners
正确
B. 代码审查工具
Code review tools
C. 漏洞扫描器
Vulnerability scanners
D. 端口扫描器
Port scanners


34. 在网络端口扫描期间，Alex 发现许多主机在组织办公室的TCP 端口80、443、515 和9100 上做出响应。Alex 可能发现哪种类型的设备？
During a port scan of his network, Alex finds that a number of hosts respond on TCP ports 80, 443, 515, and 9100 in offices throughout his organization. What type of devices is Alex likely discovering?

A. Web 服务器
Web servers
B. 文件服务器
File servers
C. 无线接入点
Wireless access points
D. 打印机
Printers
正确


35. Danielle 想要比较她在数据中心中发现的漏洞，分析漏洞如何被利用，以及修复难度如何。她应该使用什么评分系统来比较这些漏洞指标？
Danielle wants to compare vulnerabilities she has discovered in her data center based on how exploitable they are, if exploit code exists, and how hard they are to remediate. What scoring system should she use to compare vulnerability metrics like these?

A. CSV
CSV
B. NVD
NVD
C. VSS
VSS
D. CVSS
CVSS
正确


36. Kathleen 正在审查应用程序的代码。她首先计划审核，与审查人员一起开总结会议并分配角色，然后与审查人员一起审查材料并为其角色做好准备。接下来，她打算检查代码，重做它，并确保找到的所有缺陷都已纠正。Kathleen 执行什么类型的审查？
Kathleen is reviewing the code for an application. She first plans the review, conducts an overview session with the reviewers and assigns roles, and then works with the reviewers to review materials and prepare for their roles. Next, she intends to review the code, rework it, and ensure that all defects found have been corrected. What type of review is Kathleen conducting?

A. 动态测试
A dynamic test
B. Fagan 检查法
Fagan inspection
正确
C. Fuzzing
Fuzzing
D. Roth-Parker 审查
A Roth-Parker review


37. 在漏洞扫描时发现系统关键漏洞后，应该执行哪些步骤?
Robin recently conducted a vulnerability scan and found a critical vulnerability on a server that handles sensitive information. What should Robin do next?

A. 修补
Patching
B. 报告
Reporting
C. 补救
Remediation
D. 验证
Validation
正确


38. 以下哪种类型代码的审查通常不由人执行？
Which of the following types of code review is not typically performed by a human?

A. 软件检查
Software inspections
B. 代码审查
Code review
C. 静态程序分析
Static program analysis
正确
D. 软件走查
Software walkthroughs


39. Lauren 的团队对他们发布的每个补丁进行回归测试，他们应该保持哪些关键的性能测量来衡量其测试的有效性？
Lauren&rsquo;s team conducts regression testing on each patch that they release. What key performance measure should they maintain to measure the effectiveness of their testing?

A. 修复漏洞的时间
Time to remediate vulnerabilities
B. 缺陷复发率的度量
A measure of the rate of defect recurrence
正确
C. 加权风险趋势
A weighted risk trend
D. 测试的具体覆盖范围
A measure of the specific coverage of their testing


40. NIST 特别出版物800-137 所描述的信息安全连续监控程序的典型过程是？
Which of the following best describes a typical process for building and implementing an Information Security Continuous Monitoring program as described by NIST Special Publication 800-137?

A. 定义、建立、实施、分析和报告、响应、审查和更新
Define, establish, implement, analyze and report, respond, review, and update
正确
B. 设计、构建、操作、分析、响应、审查、修订
Design, build, operate, analyze, respond, review, revise
C. 准备、检测和分析、包含、响应、恢复、报告
Prepare, detect and analyze, contain, respond, recover, report
D. 定义、设计、构建、监控、分析、反应、修订
Define, design, build, monitor, analyze, react, revise


41. 为实现组织的国际化，Jim 正在确定组织的审计标准，以下哪项不是他们应该使用的IT 标准？
Jim is helping his organization decide on audit standards for use throughout their international organization. Which of the following is not an IT standard that Jim&rsquo;s organization is likely to use as part of its audits?

A. COBIT
COBIT
B. SSAE-16
SSAE-18
C. ITIL
ITIL
正确
D. ISO27002
ISO 27002


42. 在第三方审核期间，Jim 的公司收到通知，&ldquo;管理员应该每天检查备份成功和失败日志，并及时采取行动解决报告异常问题。&rdquo;如果IT 人员需要从备份恢复，可能会导致的最大问题是什么？
During a third-party audit, Jim&rsquo;s company receives a finding that states, &ldquo;The administrator should review backup success and failure logs on a daily basis, and take action in a timely manner to resolve reported exceptions.&rdquo; What is the biggest issue that is likely to result if Jim&rsquo;s IT staff need to restore from a backup?

A. 他们不知道备份是成功还是失败
They will not know if the backups succeeded or failed.
B. 备份可能未正确记录
The backups may not be properly logged.
C. 备份可能不可用
The backups may not be usable.
正确
D. 备份日志可能无法正确审核
The backup logs may not be properly reviewed.


43. 哪个NIST 特别出版物涵盖了安全和隐私控制的评估？
Which NIST special publication covers the assessment of security and privacy controls?

A. 800-12
800-12
B. 800-53A
800-53A
正确
C. 800-34
800-34
D. 800-86
800-86


44. 以下哪项危害与渗透测试无关？
Which of the following is not a hazard associated with penetration testing?

A. 应用程序崩溃
Application crashes
B. 拒绝服务
Denial of service
C. 漏洞利用
Exploitation of vulnerabilities
正确
D. 数据损坏
Data corruption


45. 在渗透测试期间，Saria 打电话给她的目标的服务台，声称她是公司官员的高级助理。她请求服务台重置官员的密码，因为他的笔记本电脑在旅行时出现问题，并说服他们这样做。她成功完成了什么类型的攻击？
During a penetration test Saria calls her target&rsquo;s help desk claiming to be the senior assistant to an officer of the company. She requests that the help desk reset the officer&rsquo;s password because of an issue with his laptop while traveling and persuades them to do so. What type of attack has she successfully completed?

A. 零知识
Zero knowledge
B. 服务台欺骗
Help desk spoofing
C. 社会工程
Social engineering
正确
D. 黑盒
Black box


46. 不应使用以下哪些策略来处理漏洞扫描器识别的漏洞？
Which of the following strategies is not a reasonable approach for remediating a vulnerability identified by a vulnerability scanner?

A. 安装补丁
Install a patch.
B. 使用解决方法修复
Use a workaround fix.
C. 更新标题或版本号
Update the banner or version number.
正确
D. 使用应用程序层防火墙或IPS 防止对所识别漏洞的攻击
Use an application layer firewall or IPS to prevent attacks against the identified vulnerability.


47. 错误配置、逻辑、功能缺陷以及不良的编程习惯，这些会导致什么问题？
Misconfiguration, logical and functional flaws, and poor programming practices are all causes of what common security issue?

A. 模糊
Fuzzing
B. 安全漏洞
Security vulnerabilities
正确
C. 缓冲区溢出
Buffer overflows
D. 竞争条件
Race conditions


48. Alan的组织使用安全内容自动化协议（SCAP），来标准化他们的漏洞管理程序。 Alan可以使用以下哪项SCAP组件，来协调不同安全评估工具生成的漏洞标识？
Alan&rsquo;s organization uses the Security Content Automation Protocol (SCAP) to standardize its vulnerability management program. Which component of SCAP can Alan use to reconcile the identity of vulnerabilities generated by different security assessment tools?

A. OVAL
OVAL
B. XCCDF
XCCDF
C. CVE
CVE
正确
D. SCE
SCE


49. 在软件测试过程中以下哪一个不是典型测试的接口？
Which of the following is not an interface that is typically tested during the software testing process?

A. API
APIs
B. 网络接口
Network interfaces
正确
C. UI
UIs
D. 物理接口
Physical interfaces


50. 在审核日志时，唯一用户ID为所有用户提供了什么？
What does using unique user IDs for all users provide when reviewing logs?

A. 机密性
Confidentiality
B. 完整性
Integrity
C. 可用性
Availability
D. 可问责性
Accountability
正确


51. 在验证代码测试组件的工作时，通常使用哪四种类型的覆盖标准？
What four types of coverage criteria are commonly used when validating the work of a code testing suite?

A. 输入、申明、分支和条件覆盖
Input, statement, branch, and condition coverage
B. 函数、申明、分支和条件覆盖
Function, statement, branch, and condition coverage
正确
C. API、分支、边界和条件覆盖
API, branch, bounds, and condition coverage
D. 边界、分支、循环和条件覆盖
Bounds, branch, loop, and condition coverage


52. 合成和被动监控有什么主要区别？
What major difference separates synthetic and passive monitoring?

A. 合成监控只有在发生问题后才能工作
Synthetic monitoring only works after problems have occurred.
B. 被动监控无法检测功能问题
Passive monitoring cannot detect functionality issues.
C. 被动监控只有在发生问题后才能工作
Passive monitoring only works after problems have occurred.
正确
D. 合成监控不能检测功能问题
Synthetic monitoring cannot detect functionality issues.


53. Susan 需要为她的组织预测风险，并希望使用指标来评估其发生风险的趋势。她应该怎么处理？
Susan needs to predict high-risk areas for her organization and wants to use metrics to assess risk trends as they occur. What should she do to handle this?

A. 执行年度风险评估
Perform yearly risk assessments.
B. 聘请渗透测试公司定期测试组织安全性
Hire a penetration testing company to regularly test organizational security.
C. 识别和跟踪主要风险指标
Identify and track key risk indicators.
正确
D. 使用SIEM 设备监视日志和事件
Monitor logs and events using a SIEM device.


54. 哪些工具无法识别渗透测试者的目标操作系统？
Which of the tools cannot identify a target&rsquo;s operating system for a penetration tester?

A. Nmap
Nmap
B. Nessus
Nessus
C. Nikto
Nikto
D. sqlmap
sqlmap
正确


55. 什么术语描述软件测试，目的是发现由于补丁或配置更改引入的新错误？
What term describes software testing that is intended to uncover new bugs introduced by patches or configuration changes?

A. 非回归测试
Nonregression testing
B. 进化测试
Evolution testing
C. 烟雾测试
Smoke testing
D. 回归测试
Regression testing
正确


56. 在渗透测试期间，Lauren 被要求测试组织的蓝牙安全。以下哪项不是她应该向雇主解释的问题？
During a penetration test, Lauren is asked to test the organization&rsquo;s Bluetooth security. Which of the following is not a concern she should explain to her employers?

A. 蓝牙扫描可能很耗时
Bluetooth scanning can be time-consuming.
B. 被扫描的许多设备可能是个人设备
Many devices that may be scanned are likely to be personal devices.
C. 蓝牙被动扫描可能需要在不同时间多次访问来识别所有目标
Bluetooth passive scans may require multiple visits at different times to identify all targets.
D. 蓝牙主动扫描无法评估蓝牙设备的安全模式
Bluetooth active scans can&rsquo;t evaluate the security mode of Bluetooth devices.
正确


57. 为什么除了实施无线安全技术(例如无线入侵检测系统)之外，还应进行被动扫描？
Why should passive scanning be conducted in addition to implementing wireless security technologies like wireless intrusion detection systems?

A. 它有助于识别流氓设备
It can help identify rogue devices.
正确
B. 它可以通过脚本攻击来测试无线网络的安全性
It can test the security of the wireless network via scripted attacks.
C. 它们在每个无线信道上的短驻留时间允许它们捕获更多分组
Their short dwell time on each wireless channel can allow them to capture more packets.
D. 他们有助于测试无线IDS 或IPS 系统
They can help test wireless IDS or IPS systems.


58. STRIDE(代表欺骗、篡改、抵赖、信息泄露、拒绝服务、特权提升)在应用程序威胁建模的哪一部分是有用的？
STRIDE, which stands for Spoofing, Tampering, Repudiation, Information Disclosure, Denial of Service, Elevation of Privilege, is useful in what part of application threat modeling?

A. 脆弱性评估
Vulnerability assessment
B. 误用用例测试
Misuse case testing
C. 威胁分类
Threat categorization
正确
D. 渗透测试计划
Penetration test planning


59. 要使用自动化工具测试Web 浏览器对意外数据的处理，应该选择什么工具？
Angela wants to test a web browser&rsquo;s handling of unexpected data using an automated tool. What tool should she choose?

A. Nmap
Nmap
B. zzuf
zzuf
正确
C. Nessus
Nessus
D. Nikto
Nikto


60. Jim 的雇主的信息安全团队发现了Jim 负责维护的Web 服务器中的漏洞。他立即应用补丁，并确保其安装正确，但漏洞扫描器继续标记系统是有漏洞的，即使Jim 确定补丁安装。以下哪个选项是Jim 处理问题的最佳选择？
Earlier this year, the information security team at Jim&rsquo;s employer identified a vulnerability in the web server that Jim is responsible for maintaining. He immediately applied the patch and is sure that it installed properly, but the vulnerability scanner has continued to incorrectly flag the system as vulnerable due to the version number it is finding even though Jim is sure the patch is installed. Which of the following options is Jim&rsquo;s best choice to deal with the issue?

A. 卸载并重新安装补丁
Uninstall and reinstall the patch.
B. 要求信息安全团队将系统标记为已修补并且不易受攻击
Ask the information security team to flag the system as patched and not vulnerable.
正确
C. 更新Web 服务器配置中的版本信息
Update the version information in the web server&rsquo;s configuration.
D. 查看漏洞报告并使用备用修复指示(如果提供)
Review the vulnerability report and use alternate remediation options.


61. 什么被动监控技术记录所有用户与应用程序或网站的交互，来确保质量和性能？
What passive monitoring technique records all user interaction with an application or website to ensure quality and performance?

A. 客户端/服务器测试
Client/server testing
B. 真实用户监控
Real user monitoring
正确
C. 合成用户监控
Synthetic user monitoring
D. 被动用户记录
Passive user recording


62. Emily 创建了一个脚本，将数据发送到她正在测试的Web 应用程序。每次脚本运行时，它都会发送一系列满足Web 应用程序预期需求的数据事务，来验证其是否响应典型的客户行为。她使用什么类型的事务，这是什么类型的测试？
Emily builds a script that sends data to a web application that she is testing. Each time the script runs, it sends a series of transactions with data that fits the expected requirements of the web application to verify that it responds to typical customer behavior. What type of transactions is she using, and what type of test is this?

A. 合成，被动监测
Synthetic, passive monitoring
B. 合成，用户用例测试
Synthetic, use case testing
正确
C. 真实，动态监测
Actual, dynamic monitoring
D. 真实
Fuzzing Actual, fuzzing


63. Jim 使用一个工具扫描系统中的可用服务，然后连接到它们收集标题信息，来确定正在运行的服务版本。然后基于服务指纹的结果、标题信息以及与CVE 信息结合在一起的类似详细信息，提供一个报告详细说明它在收集什么。Jim 使用什么类型的工具？
Jim uses a tool that scans a system for available services and then connects to them to collect banner information to determine what version of the service is running. It then provides a report detailing what it gathers, basing results on service fingerprinting, banner information, and similar details it gathers combined with CVE information. What type of tool is Jim using?

A. 端口扫描器
A port scanner
B. 服务验证器
A service validator
C. 漏洞扫描器
A vulnerability scanner
正确
D. 补丁管理工具&nbsp;
A patch management tool


64. 以下哪些漏洞不太可能被Web 漏洞扫描程序找到？
Which of the following vulnerabilities is unlikely to be found by a web vulnerability scanner?

A. 路径泄露
Path disclosure
B. 本地文件包含
Local file inclusion
C. 竞争条件
Race condition
正确
D. 缓冲区溢出
Buffer overflow


65. 什么类型的监控使用网站的模拟流量来监控性能？
What type of monitoring uses simulated traffic to a website to monitor performance?

A. 日志分析
Log analysis
B. 合成监测
Synthetic monitoring
正确
C. 被动监测
Passive monitoring
D. 模拟事务分析
Simulated transaction analysis


66. 专注于系统不允许的功能的测试是什么类型的测试示例？
Testing that is focused on functions that a system should not allow are an example of what type of testing?

A. 用户用例测试
Use case testing
B. 手动测试
Manual testing
C. 误用用例测试
Misuse case testing
正确
D. 动态测试
Dynamic testing


67. 通常使用什么方法来评估所使用的测试用例是否对应用程序进行了很好的覆盖？
What method is commonly used to assess how well software testing covered the potential uses of an application?

A. 覆盖测试分析
A test coverage analysis
正确
B. 源代码审查
A source code review
C. 模糊分析
A fuzz analysis
D. 代码审查报告
A code review report


68. Saria 的团队向组织管理部门说明组织存在一些漏洞，这些漏洞可能会被黑客利用。如果她想执行一次现实攻击做为渗透测试的一部分，应该执行什么类型的渗透测试？
Saria&rsquo;s team is working to persuade their management that their network has extensive vulnerabilities that attackers could exploit. If she wants to conduct a realistic attack as part of a penetration test, what type of penetration test should she conduct?

A. 水晶盒
Crystal box
B. 灰盒
Gray box
C. 白盒
White box
D. 黑盒
Black box
正确


69. 在使用nmap 进行端口扫描期间，Joseph 发现系统显示有两个打开的端口，分别是21 和23 号端口，请问哪些服务可能在这些端口上运行？
&nbsp;During a port scan using nmap, Joseph discovers that a system shows two ports open that cause him immediate worry:21/open 23/open What services are likely running on those ports?

A. SSH 和FTP
SSH and FTP
B. FTP 和Telnet
FTP and Telnet
正确
C. SMTP 和Telnet
SMTP and Telnet
D. POP3 和SMTP
POP3 and SMTP


70. 在渗透测试期间，Danielle 需要识别系统，但她没有获得足够的访问权限。她应该运行什么类型的扫描来验证开放的服务？
During a penetration test, Danielle needs to identify systems, but she hasn&rsquo;t gained sufficient access on the system she is using to generate raw packets. What type of scan should she run to verify the most open services?

A. TCP 连接扫描
A TCP connect scan
正确
B. TCP SYN 扫描
A TCP SYN scan
C. UDP 扫描
A UDP scan
D. ICMP 扫描
An ICMP scan


71. Karen的组织已经执行系统备份多年，但没有经常使用备份。在最近的系统中断期间，当管理员尝试从备份还原时，他们发现备份有误，无法恢复。在选择确保组织的备份下次可以使用的方法时，Karen应该避免选择以下哪个选项？
Karen&rsquo;s organization has been performing system backups for years but has not used the backups frequently. During a recent system outage, when administrators tried to restore from backups, they found that the backups had errors and could not be restored. Which of the following options should Karen avoid when selecting ways to ensure that her organization&rsquo;s backups will work next time?

A. 日志审查
Log review
B. MTD验证
MTD verification
正确
C. 散列
Hashing
D. 定期测试
Periodic testing


72. Jim 进行灰盒渗透测试，客户向他提供有关其网络的以下信息，以便他可以扫描它们。数据中心：10.10.10.0/24销售：10.10.11.0/24计费：10.10.12.0/24无线：192.168.0.0/16如果Jim 从异地进行扫描，他会遇到什么问题？
Jim has been contracted to conduct a gray box penetration test, and his clients have provided him with the following information about their networks so that he can scan them:Data center: 10.10.10.0/24Sales: 10.10.11.0/24Billing: 10.10.12.0/24Wireless: 192.168.0.0/16What problem will Jim encounter if he is contracted to conduct a scan from offsite?

A. IP 范围太大，无法有效扫描
The IP ranges are too large to scan efficiently.
B. 不能扫描提供的IP 地址
The IP addresses provided cannot be scanned.
C. IP 范围重叠，将导致扫描问题
The IP ranges overlap and will cause scanning issues.
D. 提供的IP 地址是RFC 1918 地址
The IP addresses provided are RFC 1918 addresses.
正确


73. Saria 想要记录和审查网络各部分之间的流量信息。应该在路由器上启用什么类型的网络日志记录才能允许她执行此分析？
Saria wants to log and review traffic information between parts of her network. What type of network logging should she enable on her routers to allow her to perform this analysis?

A. 审计日志
Audit logging
B. 流量记录
Flow logging
正确
C. 跟踪日志
Trace logging
D. 路由日志
Route logging


74. Ben 使用一个开发数据模型的模糊工具，并根据应用程序使用数据的特点来创建模糊数据。Ben 在执行什么类型的模糊测试？
Ben uses a fuzzing tool that tests an application by developing data models and creating fuzzed data based on information about how the application uses data. What type of fuzzing is Ben doing?

A. 突变
Mutation
B. 参数
Parametric
C. 智能
Generational
正确
D. 衍生
Derivative


75. 以下哪项不是主动无线扫描的潜在问题？
Which of the following is not a potential problem with active wireless scanning?

A. 意外扫描并误识别为流氓设备，但实际上该设备属于客人
Accidently scanning apparent rogue devices that actually belong to guests
B. 引起组织的无线IPS报警
Causing alarms on the organization&rsquo;s wireless IPS
正确
C. 扫描到属于附近组织的设备
Scanning devices that belong to nearby organizations
D. 误识别流氓设备
Misidentifying rogue devices


76. 什么类型的测试用于确保单独开发的软件模块能够正确地交换数据？
What type of testing is used to ensure that separately developed software modules properly exchange data?

A. Fuzzing
Fuzzing
B. 动态测试
Dynamic testing
C. 接口测试
Interface testing
正确
D. API 校验和
API checksums


77. 在一个工作日中，流行的Apache Web服务发布了一个零日漏洞通告。Jacob担任信息安全分析师的角色，他需要快速扫描网络，以确定哪些服务器易受该漏洞的影响。Jacob快速识别存在漏洞系统的最佳途径是什么？
A zero-day vulnerability is announced for the popular Apache web server in the middle of a workday. In Jacob&rsquo;s role as an information security analyst, he needs to quickly scan his network to determine what servers are vulnerable to the issue. What is Jacob&rsquo;s best route to quickly identify vulnerable systems?

A. 立即针对所有服务器运行Nessus，以确定哪些系统易受攻击。
Immediately run Nessus against all of the servers to identify which systems are vulnerable.
B. 查看CVE数据库以查找漏洞信息和修补程序信息。
Review the CVE database to find the vulnerability information and patch information.
C. 创建自定义IDS或IPS签名。
Create a custom IDS or IPS signature.
D. 识别受影响的版本，并使用自动扫描程序检查该版本号的系统。
Identify affected versions and check systems for that version number using an automated scanner.
正确


78. 在无线网络渗透测试期间，Susan 使用密码文件对网络运行aircrack-ng。什么可能会导致她的密码破解工作失败？
During a wireless network penetration test, Susan runs aircrack-ng against the network using a password file. What might cause her to fail in her password-cracking efforts?

A. 使用WPA2 加密
Use of WPA2 encryption
B. 在企业模式下运行WPA2
Running WPA2 in Enterprise mode
正确
C. 使用WEP 加密
Use of WEP encryption
D. 在PSK 模式下运行WPA2
Running WPA2 in PSK mode


79. 在对提议请求的回复中，Susan接收到SSAE&nbsp;18 SOC1报告。如果她想要一份包含运行有效性细节的报告，那么Susan后续需要什么？为什么？
In a response to a Request for Proposal, Susan receives an SSAE 18 SOC 1 report. If she wants a report that includes operating effectiveness detail, what should Susan ask for as follow-up and why？

A. SOC2类型II报告，因为类型I不涵盖运行有效性
A SOC 2 Type II report, because Type I does not cover operating effectiveness
正确
B. SOC1类型I报告，因为SOC2不涵盖运行有效性
A SOC 1 Type I report, because SOC 2 does not cover operating effectiveness
C. SOC2类型I报告，因为SOC2类型类型II不涵盖运行有效性
&nbsp;A SOC 2 Type I report, because SOC 2 Type II does not cover operating effectiveness
D. SOC3类型报告，因为SOC1和SOC2报告已过时
A SOC 3 report, because SOC 1 and SOC 2 reports are outdated


80. Jim签订合同，对银行的主要分行进行渗透测试。为使测试尽可能真实，他没有得到关于银行的任何信息，除了其名称和地址。Jim执行的是什么类型的渗透测试？
Jim has been contracted to perform a penetration test of a bank&rsquo;s primary branch. In order to make the test as real as possible, he has not been given any information about the bank other than its name and address. What type of penetration test has Jim agreed to perform?

A. 晶盒渗透试验
A crystal box penetration test
B. 灰盒渗透试验
A gray box penetration test
C. 黑盒渗透试验
A black box penetration test
正确
D. 白盒渗透试验
A white box penetration test


81. NIST特别出版物800-53A描述了评估客体的四种主要类型，这些评估客体可用于标识正在被评估的项目。如果评估涵盖IPS设备，则哪个类型的评估客体正在被评估？
NIST Special Publication 800-53A describes four major types of assessment objects that can be used to identify items being assessed. If the assessment covers IPS devices, which type of assessment objects is being assessed?

A. 规范
A specification
B. 机制
A mechanism
正确
C. 活动
An activity
D. 个人
An individual


82. Susan需要扫描系统的漏洞，她想使用开源工具来远程测试系统。以下哪种工具将满足她的要求并允许漏洞扫描？
Susan needs to scan a system for vulnerabilities, and she wants to use an open-source tool to test the system remotely. Which of the following tools will meet her requirements and allow vulnerability scanning?

A. Nmap
Nmap
B. OpenVAS
OpenVAS
正确
C. MBSA
MBSA
D. Nessus
Nessus


83. Alex想使用自动化工具来填充Web应用程序表单，从而测试格式字符串漏洞，他应该使用什么类型的工具？
Alex wants to use an automated tool to fill web application forms to test for format string vulnerabilities. What type of tool should he use?

A. 黑盒
A black box
B. 暴力方法
A brute-force tool
C. 模糊器
A fuzzer
正确
D. 静态分析工具
A static analysis tool


84. 网络设备、Linux系统和Unix系统等通常使用哪种消息日志记录标准？
What message logging standard is commonly used by network devices, Linux and Unix systems, and many other enterprise devices?

A. Syslog
Syslog
正确
B. Netlog
Netlog
C. Eventlog
Eventlog
D. 远程日志协议(RLP)
Remote Log Protocol (RLP)


85. 在端口扫描期间，Lauren发现TCP443端口打开。以下哪个工具可以扫描该端口？
During a port scan, Lauren found TCP port 443 open on a system. Which tool is best suited to scanning the service that is most likely running on that port?

A. zzuf
zzuf
B. Nikto
Nikto
正确
C. Metasploit
Metasploit
D. Sqlmap
sqlmap


86. 以下哪项是用于设计新软件测试并确保测试质量的方法？
Which of the following is a method used to design new software tests and to ensure the quality of tests?

A. 代码审计
Code auditing
B. 静态代码分析
Static code analysis
C. 回归测试
Regression testing
D. 突变测试
Mutation testing
正确


