1. 以下哪一项原则把一个广泛的关注标准强加于个人，并且该原则在这种环境下与正常人所以期望的一致？

Which one of the following principles imposes a standard of care upon an individual that is broad and equivalent to what one would expect from a reasonable person under the circumstances?


A. 应尽职责

Due diligence

B. 职责划分

Separation of duties

C. 应尽关注

Due care

正确
D. 最小特权

Least privilege



2. 参考以下情景回答下面3个问题。
Juniper Content 是一家网络开发公司，拥有40 名员工，公司有两个办公点：一个在纽约，另一个较小的办公点在旧金山湾区，每个办公点的网络都设有边界防火墙。局域网LAN 里包含有线和无线网络。
每个办公点都使用自己的文件服务器，IT 团队每个小时都运行软件，在两台服务器之间同步文件。这些服务器主要用于存储图像与其他文件。团队还在大多数工作中使用了基于SaaS 的电子邮件和文件协作解决方案。
你是 Juniper Content 新任命的IT 经理，正在努力扩大现有安全控制，从而提高组织的安全性。
Juniper Content is a web content development company with 40 employees located in two offices: one in New York and a smaller office in the San Francisco Bay Area. Each office has a local area network protected by a perimeter firewall. The local area network (LAN) contains modern switch equipment connected to both wired and wireless networks.
Each office has its own file server, and the information technology (IT) team runs software every hour to synchronize files between the two servers, distributing content between the offices. These servers are primarily used to store images and other files related to web content developed by the company. The team also uses a SaaS-based email and document collaboration solution for much of their work.
You are the newly appointed IT manager for Juniper Content, and you are working to augment existing security controls to improve the organization&rsquo;s security.

3. 参考以下情景回答下面3个问题。
Henry 是美国中西部度假区Atwood Landing的风险管理经理。该度假区的主要数据中心位于北印第安纳州，该地区经常发生龙卷风。Henry进行了重置成本分析，并得出结论：重建数据中心将花费1000万美元。
Henry咨询了龙卷风专家、数据中心专员和结构工程师，他们认为一般的龙卷风会造成大约500万美元的经济损失。气象学家给出提示：该公司安装设备的区域可能会每200年发生一次龙卷风。
Henry is the risk manager for Atwood Landing, a resort community in the midwestern United States. The resort&rsquo;s main data center is located in northern Indiana in an area that is prone to tornados. Henry recently undertook a replacement cost analysis and determined that rebuilding and reconfiguring the data center would cost $10 million.
Henry consulted with tornado experts, data center specialists, and structural engineers. Together, they determined that a typical tornado would cause approximately $5 million of damage to the facility. The meteorologists determined that Atwood&rsquo;s facility lies in an area where they are likely to experience a tornado once every 200 years.

4. 在对其组织进行定性风险评估后，Sally建议购买网络安全漏洞保险。她推荐了什么类型的风险应对措施？
After conducting a qualitative risk assessment of her organization, Sally recommends purchasing cybersecurity breach insurance. What type of risk response behavior is she recommending?

A. 接受
Accept
B. 转移
Transfer
正确
C. 减少
Reduce
D. 拒绝
Reject


5. Laura被要求执行SCA。她最有可能在什么类型的组织？
Laura has been asked to perform an SCA. What type of organization is she most likely in?

A. 高等教育
Higher education
B. 银行业
Banking
C. 政府
Government
正确
D. 医疗保健
Healthcare


6. 以下哪项通常不是终止流程的一部分？
Which of the following is not typically part of a termination process?

A. 离职访谈
An exit interview
B. 资产的复原
Recovery of property
C. 账户终止
Account termination
D. 签署 NCA
Signing an NCA
正确


7. Lawrence被要求执行漏洞扫描和系统风险评估。哪些组织流程更可能与此项工作相关？
Lawrence has been asked to perform vulnerability scans and a risk assessment of systems. Which organizational process are these more likely to be associated with?

A. 合并
A merger
正确
B. 剥离
A divestiture
C. 关闭
A layoff
D. 财务审计
A financial audit


8. Greg公司最近经历了涉及许多客户个人数据的重大泄露事件。他们应该审查违反了哪些法律，以确保他们适当的行动？
Greg&rsquo;s company recently experienced a significant data breach involving the personal data of many of their customers. Which breach laws should they review to ensure that they are taking appropriate action?

A. 他们违反总部所在州的法律
The breach laws in the state where they are headquartered
B. 他们做生意的国家的违反法律
The breach laws of states they do business in
正确
C. 只违反了联邦的法律
Only federal breach laws
D. 违反法律仅涵盖政府机构，而非私营企业
Breach laws only cover government agencies, not private businesses


9. （ISC）2道德规范适用于所有CISSP证书持有人。以下哪一项不是四个强制性准则之一？
The (ISC)2 code of ethics applies to all CISSP holders. Which of the following is not one of the four mandatory canons of the code?

A. 保护社会、共同利益、必要的公众信任和信心，以及基础设施
Protect society, the common good, the necessary public trust and confidence, and the infrastructure
B. 披露侵犯隐私、信任和道德的行为
Disclose breaches of privacy, trust, and ethics
正确
C. 为这些原则提供勤奋和称职的服务
Provide diligent and competent service to the principles
D. 推进和保护专业
Advance and protect the profession


10. 对于预筛选过程，通常不包括以下哪项？
Which of the following is not typically included in a prehire screening process?

A. 药检
A drug test
B. 背景调查
A background check
C. 社交媒体调查
Social media review
D. 身体素质评估
Fitness evaluation
正确


11. 在完成他的安全意识计划的第一年后，Charles检查了有关完成培训的员工人数与分配培训人数数据，并进行了对比，以确定他是否达到了他所设置的95％完成率的目标。这种措施被称为什么？
After completing the first year of his security awareness program, Charles reviews the data about how many staff completed training compared to how many were assigned the training to determine whether he hit the 95 percent completion rate he was aiming for. What is this type of measure called?

A. KPI
A KPI
正确
B. 度量
A metric
C. 安全意识控制
An awareness control
D. 投资回报率
A return on investment rate


12. 作为一家在线银行的开发人员，Lisa需要提交她的代码进行测试和审核。在通过此过程并且它被批准后，另一名员工将代码移动到生产环境。哪项安全管理描述了该流程？
In her role as a developer for an online bank, Lisa is required to submit her code for testing and review. After it passes through this process and it is approved, another employee moves the code to the production environment. What security management does this process describe?

A. 回归测试
Regression testing
B. 代码审查
Code review
C. 变更管理
Change management
正确
D. 模糊测试
Fuzz testing


13. STRIDE、PASTA和VAST都是什么类型工具的例子？
STRIDE, PASTA, and VAST are all examples of what type of tool?

A. 风险评估方法
Risk assessment methodologies
B. 控制度量
Control matrices
C. 威胁建模方法
Threat modeling methodologies
正确
D. 意识活动工具
Awareness campaign tools


14. Chris担心他的组织最近购买的笔记本电脑在交付之前被第三方修改过，包括键盘记录器。他应该把注意力集中在哪里来防止这种情况的发生？
Chris is worried that the laptops that his organization has recently acquired were modified by a third party to include keyloggers before they were delivered. Where should he focus his efforts to prevent this?

A. 他的供应链
His supply chain
正确
B. 他的供应商
His vendor contracts
C. 他的购买后构建过程
His post-purchase build process
D. 原始设备制造商（OEM）
The original equipment manufacturer (OEM)


15. 以下哪种管理控制方式可以保护信息保密性？
Which one of the following is an administrative control that can protect the confidentiality of information?

A. 加密
Encryption
B. 保密协议
Nondisclosure agreement
正确
C. 防火墙
Firewall
D. 容错
Fault tolerance


16. John 正在分析针对他公司的攻击。他发现，攻击者可能会利用HTML代码中的注释来收集信息，从而发起攻击。运用STRIDE模型，John发现的是什么类型的攻击？
John is analyzing an attack against his company in which the attacker found comments embedded in HTML code that provided the clues needed to exploit a software vulnerability. Using the STRIDE model, what type of attack did he uncover?

A. 欺骗
Spoofing
B. 否认
Repudiation
C. 信息泄露
Information disclosure
正确
D. 特权增加
Elevation of privilege


17. Ryan是保险公司的安全风险分析员。近期由于公司网站应用丢失补丁，黑客可能使用SQL注入袭击来破坏网站服务器，他最近正在进行安全检查。在该情况下，威胁是什么？
Ryan is a security risk analyst for an insurance company. He is currently examining a scenario in which a malicious hacker might use a SQL injection attack to deface a web server due to a missing patch in the company&rsquo;s web application. In this scenario, what is the threat?

A. 未打补丁的网络应用
Unpatched web application
B. 网站破坏
Web defacement
C. 黑客
Malicious hacker
正确
D. 操作系统
Operating system


18. 以下哪项安全项目是信息安全理解的最低标准共同点？
Which one of the following security programs is designed to establish a minimum standard common denominator of security understanding?

A. 培训
Training
B. 教育
Education
C. 教导
Indoctrination
D. 意识
Awareness
正确


19. 以下哪种安全措施用于向员工提供他们执行特定工作任务所需的知识？
Which one of the following security programs is designed to provide employees with the knowledge they need to perform their specific work tasks?

A. 意识
Awareness
B. 培训
Training
正确
C. 教育
Education
D. 教导
Indoctrination


20. 以下哪项是开发组织关键记录计划的第一步？
Which one of the following is the first step in developing an organization&rsquo;s vital records program?

A. 发现关键纪录
Identifying vital records
正确
B. 定位关键记录
Locating vital records
C. 存档关键记录
Archiving vital records
D. 保存关键记录
Preserving vital records


21. 在评估客户信任失败所带来的影响时，哪种类型的业务影响评估工具最适合？
Which type of business impact assessment tool is most appropriate when attempting to evaluate the impact of a failure on customer confidence?

A. 定量
Quantitative
B. 定性
Qualitative
正确
C. 年度损失预期
Annualized loss expectancy
D. 降维
Reduction


22. 以下哪一个工具最常用于鉴定，但不适合用来验证身份？
Which one of the following tools is most often used for identification purposes and is not suitable for use as an authenticator?

A. 密码
Password
B. 视网膜扫描
Retinal scan
C. 用户名
Username
正确
D. 令牌
Token


23. Craig 正在为新的数据中心选择站点，地点应该选在美国，他从美国地质调查局获得了下列地震风险图。若他主要关心地震风险，以下哪一个将是他建造设施最安全的地点？

Craig is selecting the site for a new data center and must choose a location somewhere within the United States. He obtained the earthquake risk map shown here from the United States Geological Survey. Which of the following would be the safest location to build his facility if he were primarily concerned with earthquake risk?


A. 纽约
&nbsp;New York
B. 北卡罗莱纳
North Carolina
C. 印第安纳
Indiana
D. 佛罗里达
Florida
正确


24. 将以下编号标识法律或行业标准与相应字母编号的描述相匹配：
法律和行业标准：
1. GLBA金融现代化法
2. PCI DSS支付卡行业数据安全标准
3. HIPAA健康保险流通和责任法案
4. SOX萨班斯法案
描述：
A. 一个美国法律，要求承保金融机构每年向其客户提供隐私声明
B. 一个美国法律，要求内部控制评估，包括公开交易公司的IT交易流程
C. 涵盖处理信用卡的组织的行业标准
D. 一个美国法律，为医疗信息提供数据隐私和安全要求
&nbsp;Match the following numbered laws or industry standards to their lettered description:
Laws and industry standards
1. GLBA
2. PCI DSS
3. HIPAA
4. SOX
Descriptions
A. A U.S. law that requires covered financial institutions to provide their customers with a privacy notice on a yearly basis
B. A U.S. law that requires internal controls assessments, including IT transaction flows for publicly traded companies
C. An industry standard that covers organizations that handle credit cards
D. A U.S. law that provides data privacy and security requirements for medical information

A. 看答案
正确
B. 不看答案


25. Alan正在进行威胁建模，他决定将系统分解为一些关键要素，如下图所示。他使用的是什么工具？

&nbsp;Alan is performing threat modeling and decides that it would be useful to decompose the system into the key elements shown here. What tool is he using?


A. 脆弱性评估&nbsp;
Vulnerability assessment
B. &nbsp;模糊
Fuzzing
C. 降维分析
Reduction analysis
正确
D. 数据建模&nbsp;
Data modeling


26. 假如你发现网络上的一名用户在使用Wireshark 工具，如下面的截屏所示。经过进一步调查发现，他使用该工具用于非法用途。该情况最可能违反了哪个信息安全原则？
You discover that a user on your network has been using the Wireshark tool, as shown here. Further investigation revealed that he was using it for illicit purposes. What pillar of information security has most likely been violated?


A. 完整性
Integrity
B. 否认
Denial
C. 可用性
Availability
D. 保密性
Confidentiality
正确


27. Tom 正考虑将组织的商业地址选在佛罗里达州的迈阿密区，他查阅了该区域的冲积平原地图，如下所示，并确定他考虑的区域位于一个百年冲积平原内。该区域内洪水的年度发生率是多少？
&nbsp;

Tom is considering locating a business in the downtown area of Miami, Florida. He consults the FEMA flood plain map for the region, shown here, and determines that the area he is considering lies within a 100-year flood plain.What is the ARO of a flood in this area?

A. 100
100
B. 1
1
C. 0.1
0.1
D. &nbsp;0.01
0.01
正确


28. &nbsp;Helen运营一家网站，向初高中学生提供考试信息咨询。她担心在线隐私保护法案(COPPA)可能影响网站运营，COPPA 规定，青少年在互联网上提供个人信息时，需要征得父母的同意，其年龄要求是多少岁以下？
Helen is the owner of a website that provides information for middle and high school students preparing for exams. She is concerned that the activities of her site may fall under the jurisdiction of the Children&rsquo;s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). What is the cutoff age below which parents must give consent in advance of the collection of personal information from their children under COPPA?

A. 13
13
正确
B. 15
15
C. 17
17
D. 18
18


29. Rolando是一家大型企业的风险管理经理。公司最近评估了加利福尼亚泥石流对公司产生的可能影响，发现应对泥石流的成本太高了，不划算，于是公司选择不采取任何行动。Rolando的公司采取的是什么风险管理策略？
Rolando is a risk manager with a large-scale enterprise. The firm recently evaluated the risk of California mudslides on its operations in the region and determined that the cost of responding outweighed the benefits of any controls it could implement. The company chose to take no action at this time. What risk management strategy did Rolando&rsquo;s organization pursue?

A. 风险规避
Risk avoidance
B. 风险降低
Risk mitigation
C. 风险转移
Risk transference
D. 风险接受
Risk acceptance
正确


30. Tom 正计划解雇一名有欺诈行为的员工，但他觉得当面直接解雇他，他可能会怀恨在心，于是Tom 与人力资源部协调此次会面，保证该员工不会报复公司，以下哪个步骤在当面解雇时比较重要？
Tom is planning to terminate an employee this afternoon for fraud and expects that the meeting will be somewhat hostile. He is coordinating the meeting with Human Resources and wants to protect the company against damage. Which one of the following steps is most important to coordinate in time with the termination meeting?

A. 将解雇事宜通知给其他员工
Informing other employees of the termination
B. 回收印有照片的ID卡
Retrieving the employee&rsquo;s photo ID
C. 计算最后薪金
Calculating the final paycheck
D. 撤销电子门禁权限
Revoking electronic access rights
正确


31. &nbsp;Domer Industries 的风险评估团队最佳执行了定量风险评估，并建立了如下所示的矩阵，下图中哪个象限的风险等级最高？

The Domer Industries risk assessment team recently conducted a qualitative risk assessment and developed a matrix similar to the one shown here. Which quadrant contains the risks that require the most immediate attention?


A. &nbsp;I
I
正确
B. II
II
C. III
III
D. &nbsp;IV
&nbsp;IV


32. Ben 负责数据库中存储的支付卡信息安全。根据组织的安全策略要求，他应该将信息从数据库中移除，但他因操作的原因无法做到。于是，他的行为成了&ldquo;异常行为&rdquo;，他开始寻找合适的补救措施来缓解风险，他的最佳选择是什么？
Ben is responsible for the security of payment card information stored in a database. Policy directs that he removes the information from the database, but he cannot do this for operational reasons. He obtained an exception to policy and is seeking an appropriate compensating control to mitigate the risk. What would be his best option?

A. 购买保险
Purchasing insurance
B. 加密数据库内容
Encrypting the database contents
正确
C. 移除数据
Removing the data
D. 反对异常行为
Objecting to the exception


33. 以下哪一个不是正式变更管理项目的目标？
Which one of the following is not a goal of a formal change management program?

A. 有序地执行变更
Implement change in an orderly fashion.
B. 执行前对变更进行测试
Test changes prior to implementation.
C. 提供变更的回滚计划
Provide rollback plans for changes.
D. 变更发生后通知股东
Inform stakeholders of changes after they occur.
正确


34. 哪个信息安全原则表明组织应该尽可能多地执行重叠安全控制？
What principle of information security states that an organization should implement overlapping security controls whenever possible?

A. 最小特权
Least privilege
B. 职责分离
Separation of duties
C. 深度防御
Defense in depth
正确
D. 隐藏式安全
Security through obscurity


35. Ben 正在为一个银行设计消息系统，他想实现这一功能：接受者可向第三方证实消息确实来自发送方，请问Ben 想达到什么目标？
Ben is designing a messaging system for a bank and would like to include a feature that allows the recipient of a message to prove to a third party that the message did indeed come from the purported originator. What goal is Ben trying to achieve?

A. 验证
Authentication
B. 授权
Authorization
C. 完整性
Integrity
D. 不可否认性
Nonrepudiation
正确


36. 通常情况下，以下哪类股东不是业务连续性计划团队的成员？
Which one of the following stakeholders is not typically included on a business continuity planning team?

A. 核心业务功能领导
Core business function leaders
B. 信息技术员工
Information technology staff
C. 首席执政官
CEO
正确
D. 支持部门
Support departments


37. 以下哪项不属于技术控制？
Which one of the following is not an example of a technical control?

A. 路由器访问控制列表
Router ACL
B. 防火墙规则
Firewall rule
C. 加密
Encryption
D. 数据分类
Data classification
正确


38. 以下哪一个协议要求供应商不得泄露机密信息？
Which one of the following agreements typically requires that a vendor not disclose confidential information learned during the scope of an engagement?

A. 竞业禁止协议
NCA
B. 服务等级协议
SLA
C. 保密协议
NDA
正确
D. 恢复时间目标
RTO


39. Gary在一个金融机构设有账户，他每年都会收到该金融机构发来的隐私通知邮件。哪个法律要求金融机构必须向Gary发送这些通知？
Every year, Gary receives privacy notices in the mail from financial institutions where he has accounts. What law requires the institutions to send Gary these notices?

A. 家庭教育权利和隐私权法
FERPA
B. 金融现代化法
GLBA
正确
C. 健康保险流通和责任法案
HIPAA
D. 经济和临床健康信息技术法
HITECH


40. 以下哪项法律规定通信服务商应该配合执法机关的工作？
Which one of the following laws requires that communications service providers cooperate with law enforcement requests?

A. 电子通信保密法令
ECPA
B. 通信协助执法法案
CALEA
正确
C. 隐私法
Privacy Act
D. 经济和临床健康信息技术法
HITECH Act


41. Ben 需要一个信息安全控制方面的控制框架，并且被全世界广泛接受，以下哪一个框架可以满足他的要求？
Ben is seeking a control objective framework that is widely accepted around the world and focuses specifically on information security controls. Which one of the following frameworks would best meet his needs?

A. ITIL
ITIL
B. ISO 27002
ISO 27002
正确
C. CMM
CMM
D. PMBOK指导
PMBOK Guide


42. 侵害联邦计算机系统，导致经济损失达到多少会被判为犯罪行为？
What is the threshold for malicious damage to a federal computer system that triggers the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act?

A. $500
$500
B. $2 500
$2,500
C. $5 000
$5,000
正确
D. $10 000
$10,000


43. Becka最近签署了一份合同，合同规定如果组织发生灾难，供应商会向其公司提供备用的数据处理设备，该设备包括供热通风与空气调节系统、电力和通信线路，但不包括硬件。Becka使用的是什么类型的设备？
Becka recently signed a contract with an alternate data processing facility that will provide her company with space in the event of a disaster. The facility includes HVAC, power, and communications circuits but no hardware. What type of facility is Becka using?

A. 冷站点
Cold site
正确
B. 温站点
Warm site
C. 热站点
Hot site
D. 移动站点
Mobile site


44. Gary正在安装基于RAID 的磁盘新系统，从而保证服务器能在某个磁盘损坏时继续运行。Gary 的行为符合哪个信息安全原则？
Gary is implementing a new website architecture that uses multiple small web servers behind a load balancer. What principle of information security is Gary seeking to enforce?

A. 否认
Denial
B. 保密性
Confidentiality
C. 完整性
Integrity
D. 可用性
Availability
正确


45. 以下哪种行为通常不是业务连续性计划的项目范围和计划阶段的一部分？
Which one of the following actions is not normally part of the project scope and planning phase of business continuity planning?

A. 组织的结构分析
Structured analysis of the organization
B. 法律和管理环境审查
Review of the legal and regulatory landscape
C. 业务连续性计划团队的创建
Creation of a BCP team
D. 计划文档
Documentation of the plan
正确


46. 谁是批准组织业务连续性计划的最理想人选？
Who is the ideal person to approve an organization&rsquo;s business continuity plan?

A. 首席信息官
Chief information officer
B. 首席执行官
Chief executive officer
正确
C. 首席信息安全官
Chief information security officer
D. 首席运营官
Chief operating officer


47. 组织的应急响应指南通常情况下会包含以下哪个方面？
Which one of the following components should be included in an organization&rsquo;s emergency response guidelines?

A. 紧急事件应通知的人员名单
List of individuals who should be notified of an emergency incident
正确
B. 长期业务连续性协议
Long-term business continuity protocols
C. 组织冷站点的激活程序
Activation procedures for the organization&rsquo;s cold sites
D. 订购设备的联系信息
Contact information for ordering equipment


48. Susan和公司的管理团队合作将数据分类，降低数据泄露的可能性。Susan 的行为符合哪个信息安全原则？
Susan is working with the management team in her company to classify data in an attempt to apply extra security controls that will limit the likelihood of a data breach. What principle of information security is Susan trying to enforce?

A. 可用性
Availability
B. 否认
Denial
C. 保密性
Confidentiality
正确
D. 完整性
Integrity


49. 因为HAL Systems担心其NTP服务器被DDoS攻击者所利用，所以最近决定停止提供公共NTP服务。HAL关于他们的NTP服务，所采取的是什么类型的风险管理策略？
HAL Systems recently decided to stop offering public NTP services because of a fear that its NTP servers would be used in amplification DDoS attacks. What type of risk management strategy did HAL pursue with respect to its NTP services?

A. 风险降低
Risk mitigation
B. 风险接受
Risk acceptance
C. 风险转移
Risk transference
D. 风险规避
Risk avoidance
正确


50. 下面的图表是缺失了步骤4的NIST 风险管理框架。丢失的步骤是什么？

&nbsp;The following graphic shows the NIST risk management framework with step 4 missing. What is the missing step?


A. &nbsp;评估安全控制
&nbsp;Assess security controls.
正确
B. 确定控制间隙
&nbsp;Determine control gaps.
C. 调整控制间隙
Remediate control gaps.
D. 评估用户行为
Evaluate user activity.


51. 关于风险的计算公式，以下哪项是正确的？
What is the formula used to determine risk?

A. 风险=威胁*脆弱性
Risk= Threat * Vulnerability
正确
B. 风险=威胁/脆弱性
Risk = Threat / Vulnerability
C. 风险=资产*威胁
Risk = Asset * Threat
D. 风险=资产/威胁
Risk = Asset / Threat


52. Frank 在首席执行官的笔记本上发现了隐藏的键盘记录器。该键盘记录器可能会违背什么信息安全原则？
Frank discovers a keylogger hidden on the laptop of his company&rsquo;s chief executive officer. What information security principle is the keylogger most likely designed to disrupt?

A. 保密性
Confidentiality
正确
B. 完整性
Integrity
C. 可用性
Availability
D. 否认
Denial


53. 专利的要求不包括以下哪项？
Which one of the following is not a requirement for an invention to be patentable?

A. 必须是新的
It must be new.
B. 必须由美国公民发明
It must be invented by an American citizen.
正确
C. 必须不是显而易见的
It must be nonobvious.
D. 必须是有用的
It must be useful.


54. 1987年制定的《计算机安全法》制定某个联邦机构来负责为计算机系统制定安全标准。请问该联邦机构是？
The Computer Security Act of 1987 gave a federal agency responsibility for developing computer security standards and guidelines for federal computer systems. What agency did the act give this responsibility to?

A. 国家安全局
National Security Agency
B. 联邦通信委员会
Federal Communications Commission
C. 国防部
Department of Defense
D. 国家标准和技术协会
National Institute of Standards and Technology
正确


55. James正在为其组织进行一项风险评估，准备为数据中心服务器赋予资产价值。组织最关心的是，一旦数据中心损毁，他们有足够资金来重建数据中心。以下哪一个资产评估方法最适合该情况？
James is conducting a risk assessment for his organization and is attempting to assign an asset value to the servers in his data center. The organization&rsquo;s primary concern is ensuring that it has sufficient funds available to rebuild the data center in the event it is damaged or destroyed. Which one of the following asset valuation methods would be most appropriate in this situation?

A. 购买成本
Purchase cost
B. 折余成本
Depreciated cost
C. 重置成本
Replacement cost
正确
D. 机会成本
Opportunity cost


56. 组织中谁应该接受初始业务连续性计划培训？
Who should receive initial business continuity plan training in an organization?

A. 高级管理层
Senior executives
B. 有特定业务连续性角色的人
Those with specific business continuity roles
C. 组织中的每个人
Everyone in the organization
正确
D. 第一响应对象
First responders


57. Yolanda 正在完成一个配置信息文件，该文件说明了组织中系统应该具备的最低水平的安全配置，请问这属于什么类型的文件？
Yolanda is writing a document that will provide configuration information regarding the minimum level of security that every system in the organization must meet. What type of document is she preparing?

A. 策略
Policy
B. 基线
Baseline
正确
C. 指南
Guideline
D. 程序
Procedure


58. 组织经历DoS或DDoS攻击时，哪个信息安全目标会受到影响？
Which information security goal is impacted when an organization experiences a DoS or DDoS attack?

A. 保密性
Confidentiality
B. 完整性
Integrity
C. 可用性
Availability
正确
D. 否认
Denial


59. 以下哪项通常不属于业务连续性任务？
Which one of the following is not normally considered a business continuity task?

A. 业务影响评估
Business impact assessment
B. 紧急响应指南
Emergency response guidelines
C. 电子保险库
Electronic vaulting
正确
D. 关键记录计划
Vital records program


60. Doolitte Industries 的一名会计人员最近因挪用公款而被捕。该人员将资金转至个人账户并每天在其他账户之间转移钱款以掩盖罪行，犯罪时间长达数月。以下哪一个控制最可能最早检测到该罪行？
An accounting employee at Doolittle Industries was recently arrested for participation in an embezzlement scheme. The employee transferred money to a personal account and then shifted funds around between other accounts every day to disguise the fraud for months. Which one of the following controls might have best allowed the earlier detection of this fraud?

A. 职责分离
Separation of duties
B. 最小特权
Least privilege
C. 深度防御
Defense in depth
D. 强制假期
Mandatory vacation
正确


61. 业务连续性计划文档中通常不包含以下哪一个？
Which one of the following is not normally included in business continuity plan documentation?

A. 账户说明
Statement of accounts
正确
B. 重要性说明
Statement of importance
C. 优先性说明
Statement of priorities
D. 组织职责说明
Statement of organizational responsibility


62. 什么法律是美国个人权利的基础？
What law serves as the basis for privacy rights in the United States?

A. 1974 年隐私法
Privacy Act of 1974
B. 第四修正案
Fourth Amendment
正确
C. 第一修正案
First Amendment
D. 1986 年电子通信保密法令
Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986


63. Joan正在试图保护她的一个电脑软件，该软件是根据知识产权法开发的。以下哪种保护途径不适用于软件？
Joan is seeking to protect a piece of computer software that she developed under intellectual property law. Which one of the following avenues of protection would not apply to a piece of software?

A. 商标
Trademark
正确
B. 版权
Copyright
C. 专利
Patent
D. 商业秘密
Trade secret


64. 以下哪个问题通常不是在服务等级协议(SLA)中提出的？
Which one of the following issues is not normally addressed in a service-level agreement (SLA)?

A. 客户信息的保密性
Confidentiality of customer information
正确
B. 故障切换时间
Failover time
C. 正常运行时间
Uptime
D. 最大持续故障时间
Maximum consecutive downtime


65. Beth是一所公立学校的安全管理员。她正在建立一个新的学生信息系统，并且她对代码进行了测试，从而确保学生无法更改他们的成绩。Beth 的做法符合什么类型的信息安全原则？
Beth is the security administrator for a public school district. She is implementing a new student information system and is testing the code to ensure that students are not able to alter their own grades. What principle of information security is Beth enforcing?

A. 完整性
Integrity
正确
B. 可用性
Availability
C. 保密性
Confidentiality
D. 否认
Denial


66. Gary 正在分析一个安全事故，在调查期间，他发现有一个用户否认他曾做的事，而这个事情Gary已经相信这个用户做过。根据STRIDE 模型，此时发生了什么类型的威胁？
Gary is analyzing a security incident and, during his investigation, encounters a user who denies having performed an action that Gary believes he did perform. What type of threat has taken place under the STRIDE model?

A. 否认
Repudiation
正确
B. 信息泄露
Information disclosure
C. 篡改
Tampering
D. 特权提升
Elevation of privilege


67. &nbsp;如果你是一名医院系统的首席信息安全官，并准备和一个软件即服务(SaaS)电子邮件供应商签署合同，想要确保业务连续性计划的策略是合理的。你会要求什么类型的审计来实现该目标？
You are the CISO for a major hospital system and are preparing to sign a contract with a software as a service (SaaS) email vendor and want to ensure that its business continuity planning measures are reasonable. What type of audit might you request to meet this goal?

A. SOC-1
SOC 1
B. 联邦信息安全管理法案
FISMA
C. 支付卡行业数据安全标准
PCI DSS
D. SOC-2
SOC 2
正确


68. 高级管理人员通常在业务连续性计划团队中发挥什么重要作用？
What important function do senior managers normally fill on a business continuity planning team?

A. 处理仲裁纠纷
Arbitrating disputes about criticality
正确
B. 评估法律环境
Evaluating the legal environment
C. 培训员工
Training staff
D. 设计故障控制
Designing failure controls


69. 以下哪个角色会成为信息安全项目最高级的负责人？
Which one of the following individuals would be the most effective organizational owner for an information security program?

A. 持有CISSP 认证的分析师
CISSP-certified analyst
B. 首席信息官(CIO)
Chief information officer (CIO)
正确
C. 网络安全经理
Manager of network security
D. 总裁和首席执行官
(CEO)President and CEO


70. Tom使用了一台由数据中心云基础架构提供的应用防火墙对外提供服务，这个服务的目标是阻止多种针对应用层的攻击。从风险管理的角度来看，Tom试图降低什么指标？
Tom enables an application firewall provided by his cloud infrastructure as a service provider that is designed to block many types of application attacks. When viewed from a risk management perspective, what metric is Tom attempting to lower?

A. 影响
Impact
B. RPO
RPO
C. MTO
MTO
D. 可能性
Likelihood
正确


71. Florian接到联邦机构的通知，新的管理法律将影响他的业务操作。他应该在哪里找到该法律的文本？
Florian receives a flyer from a federal agency announcing that a new administrative law will affect his business operations. Where should he go to find the text of the law?

A. 美国法典
United States Code
B. 联邦最高法院规则
Supreme Court rulings
C. 联邦管理法规
Code of Federal Regulations
正确
D. 法律纲要
Compendium of Laws


72. Alan 在电子商务公司工作，最近他的一些内容被另一个网站偷走并未经允许进行发表。什么类型的知识产权保护最能保护Alan 公司的权利？
Alan works for an e-commerce company that recently had some content stolen by another website and republished without permission. What type of intellectual property protection would best preserve Alan&rsquo;s company&rsquo;s rights?

A. 商业秘密
Trade secret
B. 版权
Copyright
正确
C. 商标
Trademark
D. 专利
Patent


73. 以下哪种人通常受高级管理人员的委托，负责数据保护任务，任务通常包括验证数据的完整性、测试备份和管理安全策略？
Which one of the following individuals is normally responsible for fulfilling the operational data protection responsibilities delegated by senior management, such as validating data integrity, testing backups, and managing security policies?

A. 数据监管者
Data custodian
正确
B. 数据拥有者
Data owner
C. 用户
User
D. 审计员
Auditor


74. Robert 负责信用卡信息处理系统的安全，请问他的行动应受到什么标准的指导？
Robert is responsible for securing systems used to process credit card information. What standard should guide his actions?

A. 健康保险流通和责任法案
HIPAA
B. 支付卡行业数据安全标准
PCI DSS
正确
C. 萨班斯法案
SOX
D. 金融现代化法
GLBA


75. 联邦信息安全管理法案（FISMA）的条款最可能会涉及以下哪种组织？
Which one of the following categories of organizations is most likely to be covered by the provisions of FISMA?

A. 银行
Banks
B. 国防项目承包商
Defense contractors
正确
C. 校区
School districts
D. 医院
Hospitals


76. Acme Widgets公司正在对其财务部门施加新的控制。管理人员担心会计可能会向一个不存在的供应商开支票，从而窃取公司的钱款，哪种安全控制可最有效地遏制这种情况？
The Acme Widgets Company is putting new controls in place for its accounting department. Management is concerned that a rogue accountant may be able to create a new false vendor and then issue checks to that vendor as payment for services that were never rendered. What security control can best help prevent this situation?

A. 强制假期
Mandatory vacation
B. 职责分离
Separation of duties
正确
C. 深度防御
Defense in depth
D. 岗位轮换
Job rotation


77. 什么政府机构负责商标的评估和注册？
What government agency is responsible for the evaluation and registration of trademarks?

A. 美国专利商标局
USPTO
正确
B. 美国国会图书馆
Library of Congress
C. 田纳西河流域管理局
TVA
D. 美国国家标准及技术研究所
NIST


78. Renee正在为她的组织机构设计长期安全计划，而且已经设计了一个三至五年的计划展望。她进行的是什么类型的计划？
Renee is designing the long-term security plan for her organization and has a three- to five-year planning horizon. What type of plan is she developing?

A. 操作
Operational
B. 战术
Tactical
C. 总结
Summary
D. 战略
Strategic
正确


79. &nbsp;John的网络开始出现变缓的症状。通过调查，他意识到网络正在被ICMP ECHO REPLY 类型的数据包连续袭击，他认为他的组织受到了Smurf攻击。请问该攻击违反了哪条信息安全基本原则？
John&rsquo;s network begins to experience symptoms of slowness. Upon investigation, he realizes that the network is being bombarded with TCP SYN packets and believes that his organization is the victim of a denial of service attack. What principle of information security is being violated?

A. &nbsp;可用性
Availability
正确
B. 完整性
Integrity
C. 保密性
Confidentiality
D. 拒绝
Denial


80. 在从事电子交易时，以下哪个组织不会自动服从HIPAA(健康保险流通和责任法案)的条款？
Which one of the following organizations would not be automatically subject to the terms of HIPAA if they engage in electronic transactions?

A. &nbsp;保健供应商
Healthcare provider
B. 健康和健身应用开发商
Health and fitness application developer
正确
C. &nbsp;健康信息交换所
Health information clearinghouse
D. &nbsp;健康保险计划
Health insurance plan


81. Mary正在协助一个用户，该用户计算机屏幕上出现了以下消息。发生了什么类型的攻击？
Mary is helping a computer user who sees the following message appear on his computer screen. What type of attack has occurred?
&nbsp;


A. 可用性
&nbsp;Availability
正确
B. 保密性
Confidentiality
C. 泄露&nbsp;
Disclosure
D. 分布式
Distributed


82. 国际信息系统安全认证协会在各种论坛中使用以下图标代表自己。该图标受到什么类型的知识产权保护？
The International Information Systems Security Certification Consortium uses the logo shown here to represent itself online and in a variety of forums. What type of intellectual property protection may it use to protect its rights in this logo?
&nbsp;


A. &nbsp;版权
Copyright
&nbsp;
B. 专利
Patent
C. &nbsp;商业秘密
Trade secret
D. 商标&nbsp;
&nbsp;Trademark
&nbsp;
正确


83. 以下哪一项常用作身份授权工具？
Which one of the following is normally used as an authorization tool?

A. ACL
ACL
正确
B. 令牌
Token
C. 用户名
Username
D. 密码
Password


84. 以下哪一个用于保护物理基础设施？
Which one of the following is an example of physical infrastructure hardening?

A. 杀毒软件
Antivirus software
B. 基于硬件的网络防火墙
Hardware-based network firewall
C. 双因素身份验证
Two-factor authentication
D. 灭火系统
Fire suppression system
正确


85. Mike 最近部署了一套入侵防御系统，用于阻止常见的网络袭击。Mike采取的是什么类型的风险管理策略？
Mike recently implemented an intrusion prevention system designed to block common network attacks from affecting his organization. What type of risk management strategy is Mike pursuing?

A. 风险接受
Risk acceptance
B. 风险规避
Risk avoidance
C. 风险降低
Risk mitigation
正确
D. 风险转移
Risk transference


86. 执行业务影响分析时，团队应首先创建一个资产列表。接下来该发生什么呢？
When developing a business impact analysis, the team should first create a list of assets. What should happen next?

A. 找到资产中存在的漏洞
Identify vulnerabilities in each asset.
B. 确定资产面临的风险
Determine the risks facing the asset.
C. 为每个资产设定价值
Develop a value for each asset.
正确
D. 确定资产面临的威胁
Identify threats facing each asset.


87. 以下哪种行为可能成为业务连续性计划的一部分？
Which one of the following actions might be taken as part of a business continuity plan?

A. 利用备份磁带恢复数据
Restoring from backup tapes
B. 执行 RAID
Implementing RAID
正确
C. 切换到冷站点
Relocating to a cold site
D. 重启业务操作
Restarting business operations


88. Keenan Systems 最近为微处理器开发了一个新的制造技术。为防止其他公司在未授权的情况下使用该技术，该公司想申请许可证。什么类型的知识产权保护最适用于该情况？
Keenan Systems recently developed a new manufacturing process for microprocessors. The company wants to license the technology to other companies for use but wishes to prevent unauthorized use of the technology. What type of intellectual property protection is best suited for this situation?

A. 专利
Patent
正确
B. 商业秘密
Trade secret
C. 版权
Copyright
D. 商标
Trademark


89. 以下哪种控制措施属于行政控制？
Which one of the following is an example of an administrative control?

A. 入侵检测系统
Intrusion detection system
B. 安全意识训练
Security awareness training
正确
C. 防火墙
Firewalls
D. 保安警卫人员
Security guards


90. Darcy 正在设计一个容错系统，她使用了RAID-5。她用于创建该系统的物理硬盘最小数量是多少？
Darcy is designing a fault tolerant system and wants to implement RAID level 5 for her system. What is the minimum number of physical hard disks she can use to build this system?

A. 1
One
B. 2
Two
C. 3
Three
正确
D. 5
Five


91. 如果有人对组织的商业秘密进行交易，以下哪个法律会为组织提供知识产权保护？
What law provides intellectual property protection to the holders of trade secrets?

A. 版权法
Copyright Law
B. 兰哈姆法案
Lanham Act
C. 格拉斯-斯蒂格尔法案
Glass-Steagall Act
D. 经济间谍法
Economic Espionage Act
正确


92. Tony 正在开发一个业务连续性计划，他发现很难将有形和无形资产放在一起评估优先级，这时对他而言最有效的风险评估方法是什么？
Tony is developing a business continuity plan and is having difficulty prioritizing resources because of the difficulty of combining information about tangible and intangible assets. What would be the most effective risk assessment approach for him to use?

A. 定量风险评估
Quantitative risk assessment
B. 定性风险评估
Qualitative risk assessment
C. 既非定量风险评估也非定性风险评估
Neither quantitative nor qualitative risk assessment
D. 定量风险评估和定性风险评估相结合
Combination of quantitative and qualitative risk assessment
正确


93. 安装栅栏是一种安全控制的方法，它不具有以下哪种功能？
Which one of the following control categories does not accurately describe a fence around a facility?

A. 物理控制
Physical
B. 检测入侵
Detective
正确
C. 阻止入侵
Deterrent
D. 预防入侵
Preventive


94. 你在完成业务连续性计划时决定接受其中一个风险。你接下来应该做什么？
You are completing your business continuity planning effort and have decided that you wish to accept one of the risks. What should you do next?

A. 执行新的安全控制来降低风险水平
Implement new security controls to reduce the risk level.
B. 设计灾难恢复计划
Design a disaster recovery plan.
C. 重复评估业务影响
Repeat the business impact assessment.
D. 将你的决策过程文档化
Document your decision-making process.
正确


95. Bobbi正在调查一个安全事故，他发现攻击者一开始只是普通用户，但成功利用了系统的弱点使他的账户拥有了管理员权限。这属于STRIDE 模型下什么类型的攻击？
Bobbi is investigating a security incident and discovers that an attacker began with a normal user account but managed to exploit a system vulnerability to provide that account with administrative rights. What type of attack took place under the STRIDE threat model?

A. 欺骗
Spoofing
B. 否认
Repudiation
C. 篡改
Tampering
D. 提升特权
Elevation of privilege
正确


96. 根据欧盟GDPR，哪个美国政府机构负责管理欧盟与美国之间的隐私保护协议条款？
What United States government agency is responsible for administering the terms of privacy shield agreements between the European Union and the United States under the EU GDPR?

A. 国防部
Department of Defense
B. 财政部
Department of the Treasury
C. 国务院
State Department
D. 商务部
Department of Commerce
正确


97. Yolanda 是某金融机构的首席隐私官，正在研究与客户支票账户相关的隐私问题。以下哪项法律最可能适用于该情况？
Yolanda is the chief privacy officer for a financial institution and is researching privacy issues related to customer checking accounts. Which one of the following laws is most likely to apply to this situation?

A. 金融现代化法案
GLBA
正确
B. 萨班斯法案
SOX
C. 健康保险流通及责任法案
HIPAA
D. 家庭教育权利和隐私权法
FERPA


98. Tim 所在的组织最近和政府外包商合作，达成一份合同。现在什么法律适用于该合同中涉及的信息系统？
Tim&rsquo;s organization recently received a contract to conduct sponsored research as a government contractor. What law now likely applies to the information systems involved in this contract?

A. 联邦信息安全管理法案
FISMA
正确
B. 支付卡行业数据安全标准
PCI DSS
C. 健康保险流通和责任法案
HIPAA
D. 政府信息安全改革法案
GISRA


99. Chris的组织会有很多同事去往国外，根据出口控制法律的规定，Chris给他们提出了一些建议，建议的内容可能会和以下哪一项有关？
Chris is advising travelers from his organization who will be visiting many different countries overseas. He is concerned about compliance with export control laws. Which of the following technologies is most likely to trigger these regulations?

A. 存储芯片
Memory chips
B. 办公软件
Office productivity applications
C. 硬盘驱动器
Hard drives
D. 加密软件
Encryption software
正确


100. 以下哪个身份验证因素和密码一同使用，从而实现多因素身份验证机制？
Which one of the following provides an authentication mechanism that would be appropriate for pairing with a password to achieve multifactor authentication?

A. 用户名
Username
B. 个人识别码
(PIN) Personal identification number (PIN)
C. 安全问题
Security question
D. 指纹扫描
Fingerprint scan
正确


101. 《联邦量刑指南》在1991 年规定：高级行政管理层对信息安全事件负有个人责任。该规定的名称是什么？
In 1991, the Federal Sentencing Guidelines formalized a rule that requires senior executives to take personal responsibility for information security matters. What is the name of this rule?

A. 应尽职责规则
Due diligence rule
B. 个人责任规则
Personal liability rule
C. &ldquo;谨慎人&rdquo;规则
Prudent man rule
正确
D. 应尽流程规则
Due process rule


102. 在美国各州的数据泄露法律中，个人身份可识别信息不包括以下哪一项？
Which one of the following elements of information is not considered personally identifiable information that would trigger most United States (U.S.) state data breach laws?

A. 学生身份识别号
Student identification number
正确
B. 社会安全号码
Social Security number
C. 驾驶执照号码
Driver&rsquo;s license number
D. 信用卡号码
Credit card number


103. 以下哪一项不是三个最常见的威胁建模技术之一？
Which one of the following is not one of the three common threat modeling techniques?

A. 关注资产
Focused on assets
B. 关注攻击者
Focused on attackers
C. 关注软件
Focused on software
D. 关注社会工程学
Focused on social engineering
正确


104. FlyAway Travel 在欧盟和美国都有办公点，且需要定期在这些办公点之间传输个人信息。近期他们收到了欧盟客户的请求，要求终止他们的账户。根据&ldquo;一般数据保护条例&rdquo;（GDPR），对于处理个人要求其数据不再传播或处理的个人信息状态，是哪一项需求？
FlyAway Travel has offices in both the European Union (EU) and the United States and transfers personal information between those offices regularly. They have recently received a request from an EU customer requesting that their account be terminated. Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which requirement for processing personal information states that individuals may request that their data no longer be disseminated or processed?

A. 访问权限
The right to access
B. 私有设计
Privacy by design
C. 被遗忘的权利
The right to be forgotten
正确
D. 数据可移植性的权利
The right of data portability


105. 在数字千年版权法案(DMCA)中，用户在使用网络服务商的哪项服务时，如果遭到损害，不要求互联网服务供应商快速做出响应？
Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), what type of offenses do not require prompt action by an internet service provider after it receives a notification of infringement claim from a copyright holder?

A. 用户在供应商的服务器上存储信息
Storage of information by a customer on a provider&rsquo;s server
B. 供应商缓存信息
Caching of information by the provider
C. 客户在供应商的网络上传输信息
Transmission of information over the provider&rsquo;s network by a customer
正确
D. 在供应商搜索引擎中缓存信息
Caching of information in a provider search engine


106. 将以下带有数字编号的无线攻击术语，与相应带有字母的描述进行匹配：
无线攻击术语
1. 恶意接入点
2. 重放
3. 邪恶双胞胎接入点攻击
4. 战争驾驶
描述：
A. 一种攻击，依赖于伪造一个欺骗合法接入点的SSID和MAC地址
B. 通过使用明显合法的SSID，吸引新连接接入到接入点
C. 一种攻击，通过捕获通信中重传的信息并尝试访问目标系统
D. 使用检测工具查找无线网络的过程
Match the following numbered wireless attack terms with their appropriate lettered descriptions:
Wireless attack terms
1. Rogue access point
2. Replay
3. Evil twin
4. War driving
Descriptions
A. An attack that relies on an access point to spoof a legitimate access point&rsquo;s SSID and Mandatory Access Control (MAC) address
B. An access point intended to attract new connections by using an apparently legitimate SSID
C. An attack that retransmits captured communication to attempt to gain access to a targeted system
D. The process of using detection tools to find wireless networks

A. 看答案
正确
B. 不看答案


