1. &nbsp;Alice公司的一名员工致电请求支持，并且使用了公司约定的在员工被迫执行动作时的密语。这种场景是被称为？
When one of the employees of Alice&rsquo;s company calls in for support, she uses a code word that the company agreed to use if employees were being forced to perform an action. What is this scenario called?

A. 社会工程学
Social engineering
B. 胁迫
Duress
正确
C. 不可抗力
Force majeure
D. 斯德哥尔摩综合征
Stockholm syndrome


2. Lauren需要确保她的用户只可运行她组织批准的软件。Lauren需要部署哪项技术？
Lauren wants to ensure that her users only run software that her organization has approved. What technology should she deploy?

A. 黑名单
Blacklisting
B. 配置管理
Configuration management
C. 白名单
Whitelisting
正确
D. 灰名单
Graylisting


3. John通过他的云IaaS提供商利用全球负载均衡将他的网站部署在多个区域。他的做法属于哪类可用性概念
John deploys his website to multiple regions using load balancers around the world through his cloud infrastructure as a service provider. What availability concept is he using?

A. 多个处理站点
Multiple processing sites
正确
B. 温站点
Warm sites
C. 冷战点
Cold sites
D. 蜜网
A honeynet


4. Matt想要确保其公司中各系统的关键网络流量的优先级高于公司中网页浏览和社交媒体的流量。他需要采用下列哪个技术？
Matt wants to ensure that critical network traffic from systems throughout his company is prioritized over web browsing and social media use at this company. What technology can he use to do this?

A. VLANs
VLANs
B. QoS
QoS
正确
C. VPN
VPN
D. ISDN
ISDN


5. Susan所在的公司的员工经常跨国差旅。Susan认为他们有可能因其公司正在开发的技术而成为商业间谍下手的对象。下列哪项是Susan应该对这些同事在差旅中进行网络连接的推荐做法？
Staff from Susan&rsquo;s company often travel internationally. Susan believes that they may be targeted for corporate espionage activities because of the technologies that her company is developing. What practice should Susan recommend that they adopt for connecting to networks while they travel?

A. 只连接到公共Wi-Fi
Only connect to public Wi-Fi
B. 用VPN进行所有连接
Use a VPN for all connections
正确
C. 只访问支持TLS的网站
Only use websites that support TLS
D. 在差旅中不要连接到任何网络
Do not connect to networks while traveling


6. 对事故进行事后审查后，通常需要准备哪类文档？
What documentation is typically prepared after a postmortem review of an incident has been completed?

A. 经验教训文档
A lessons learned document
正确
B. 风险评估
A risk assessment
C. 补救清单
A remediation list
D. 缓解措施清单
A mitigation checklist


7. Scott负责处理其公司SAN（存储区域网）中淘汰的磁盘驱动器。如果该公司SAN中的数据为高度敏感数据，那么Scott应该避免下列哪项操作？
Scott is responsible for disposing of disk drives that have been pulled from his company&rsquo;s SAN as they are retired. Which of the following options should he avoid if the data on the SAN is considered highly sensitive by his organization?

A. 物理销毁
Destroy them physically
B. 与SAN厂商签署合同，要求厂商合理处置并能提供认证流程
Sign a contract with the SAN vendor that requires appropriate disposal and provides a certification process
C. 对每个磁盘驱动器在离开该公司进行格式化
Reformat each drive before it leaves the organization
正确
D. 采用安全擦除工具，例如DBAN
Use a secure wipe tool like DBAN


8. Anne要通过收集其组织内一组Windows10工作站的相关数据，来收集安全配置信息和了解其组织内部资产的整体情况。如下哪种Windows工具最符合这项任务的需求？
Anne wants to gather information about security settings as well as build an overall view of her organization&rsquo;s assets by gathering data about a group of Windows 10 workstations spread throughout her company. What Windows tool is best suited to this type of configuration management task?

A. SCCM
SCCM
正确
B. 组策略
Group Polic
C. SCOM
SCOM
D. 一条自定义的PowerShell脚本
A custom PowerShell script


9. 联邦民事诉讼规则（FCRP）中的什么概念在电子取证过程中，当收益低于成本的情况下，可用以确保避免额外的时间和花销？
What concept from the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (FCRP) helps to ensure that additional time and expense are not incurred as part of electronic discovery when the benefits do not outweigh the costs?

A. 工具辅助检查
Tool-assisted review
B. 合作
Cooperation
C. 损坏
Spoilation
D. 比例性
Proportionality
正确


10. 下列控制中的哪一个在持续断电的情况下保护组织？
Which one of the following controls protects an organization in the event of a sustained period of power loss?

A. 冗余服务器
Redundant servers
B. 不间断电源(UPS)
Uninterruptible power supply (UPS)
C. 发电机
Generator
正确
D. RAID
RAID


11. 以下哪种技术使用统计方法从大型池中选择少量记录进行进一步分析，目的是选择一组记录来代表整个池？
Which one of the following techniques uses statistical methods to select a small number of records from a large pool for further analysis with the goal of choosing a set of records that is representative of the entire pool?

A. 剪切
Clipping
B. 随机化
Randomization
C. 取样
Sampling
正确
D. 选择
Selection


12. 攻击者在什么类型的攻击中将自己插入用户和合法网站之间的连接？
In what type of attack do attackers manage to insert themselves into a connection between a user and a legitimate website?

A. 中间人攻击
Man-in-the-middle
正确
B. Fraggle 攻击
Fraggle
C. Wardriving 攻击
Wardriving
D. 中间相遇
Meet-in-the-middle


13. 在什么类型的软件许可下，软件接收者具有复制、修改、分发或转售软件包的无限权利？
Under what type of software license does the recipient of software have an unlimited right to copy, modify, distribute, or resell a software package?

A. GNU 公共许可证
GNU Public License
B. 免费软件
Freeware
C. 开源
Open source
D. 公共域
Public domain
正确


14. Carolyn 担心，网络上的用户可能会在他们的硬盘驱动器上存储敏感信息，例如社会安全号码，而没有适当的授权或安全控制。她可以使用什么技术来最好地检测这种活动？
Carolyn is concerned that users on her network may be storing sensitive information, such as Social Security numbers, on their hard drives without proper authorization or security controls. What technology can she use to best detect this activity?

A. IDS
IDS
B. IDP
IDP
C. DLP
DLP
正确
D. TLS
TLS


15. Quantum Computing 公司定期将备份数据的磁带发送到全国各地的二级设施。这些磁带包含机密信息。Quantum 可用来保护这些磁带的最重要安全控制是什么？
Quantum Computing regularly ships tapes of backup data across the country to a secondary facility. These tapes contain confidential information. What is the most important security control that Quantum can use to protect these tapes?

A. 锁定的运输容器
Locked shipping containers
B. 私人快递
Private couriers
C. 数据加密
Data encryption
正确
D. 介质轮换
Media rotation


16. Jerome 正在进行取证调查，并正在审查数据库服务器日志以调查查询内容，来找出SQL 注入攻击的证据。他执行什么类型的分析？
Jerome is conducting a forensic investigation and is reviewing database server logs to investigate query contents for evidence of SQL injection attacks. What type of analysis is he performing?

A. 硬件分析
Hardware analysis
B. 软件分析
Software analysis
正确
C. 网络分析
Network analysis
D. 介质分析
Media analysis


17. 实现RAID 级别1 所需的最小磁盘数是多少？
What is the minimum number of disks required to implement RAID level 1?

A. 一
One
B. 二
Two
正确
C. 三
Three
D. 五
Five


18. 以下哪种技术不常用于从磁带中删除不需要的剩余数据？
Which one of the following techniques is not commonly used to remove unwanted remnant data from magnetic tapes?

A. 物理损毁
Physical destruction
B. 消磁
Degaussing
C. 覆盖
Overwriting
D. 重新格式化
Reformatting
正确


19. Darcy 是一名计算机安全专家，正在协助起诉一名黑客。检察官要求Darcy 在法庭上用她的她观点证明日志和其他记录能成为表示黑客企图的个案。Darcy 被要求提供什么类型的证据？
Darcy is a computer security specialist who is assisting with the prosecution of a hacker. The prosecutor requests that Darcy give testimony in court about whether, in her opinion, the logs and other records in a case are indicative of a hacking attempt. What type of evidence is Darcy being asked to provide?

A. 专家意见
Expert opinion
正确
B. 直接证据
Direct evidence
C. 真实证据
Real evidence
D. 书面证据
Documentary evidence


20. 什么法律防止执法机构在没有可能的原因或未经同意的情况下搜索设施或电子系统？
What legal protection prevents law enforcement agencies from searching a facility or electronic system without either probable cause or consent?

A. 第一修正案
First Amendment
B. 第四修正案
Fourth Amendment
正确
C. 第五修正案
Fifth Amendment
D. 第十五次修订
Fifteenth Amendment


21. 木材工业公司最近与客户发生争执。在与其客户代表会面时，客户站起来宣布：&ldquo;没有其他解决方案。我们必须把这件事情诉诸法庭。&rdquo;他然后离开了房间。木材工业何时有义务开始保存证据？
Timber Industries recently got into a dispute with a customer. During a meeting with his account representative, the customer stood up and declared, &ldquo;There is no other solution. We will have to take this matter to court.&rdquo; He then left the room. When does Timber Industries have an obligation to begin preserving evidence?

A. 立即
Immediately
正确
B. 收到反诉讼律师的诉讼通知书时
Upon receipt of a notice of litigation from opposing attorneys
C. 收到传票后
Upon receipt of a subpoena
D. 收到法院命令后
Upon receipt of a court order


22. Renee 是一名软件开发人员，她为组织在Node.js 中编写代码。该公司正在考虑从自主管控的Node.js 环境迁移到Renee 的代码所运行的应用服务器环境中，该环境由云供应商管理。Renee 的公司应该考虑什么类型的云解决方案？
Renee is a software developer who writes code in Node.js for her organization. The company is considering moving from a self-hosted Node.js environment to one where Renee will run her code on application servers managed by a cloud vendor. What type of cloud solution is Renee&rsquo;s company considering?

A. IaaS
IaaS
B. CaaS
CaaS
C. PaaS
PaaS
正确
D. SaaS
SaaS


23. 什么类型的信任关系超出了两个域参与一个或多个子域的信任范围？
What type of trust relationship extends beyond the two domains participating in the trust to one or more of their subdomains?

A. 传递信任
Transitive trust
正确
B. 继承信任
Inheritable trust
C. 不互惠信任
Nontransitive trust
D. 不可继承的信任
Noninheritable trust


24. Gina是一家小型企业的防火墙管理员，最近新安装了一个防火墙。在看到异常大量的网络流量后，她检查了入侵检测系统，发现一个SYN flood攻击正在进行中。Gina通过更改什么防火墙配置，可以最有效的防止这种攻击？
Gina is the firewall administrator for a small business and recently installed a new firewall. After seeing signs of unusually heavy network traffic, she checked the intrusion detection system, which reported that a SYN flood attack was under way. What firewall configuration change can Gina make to most effectively prevent this attack?

A. 阻止已知IP的SYN
Block SYN from known IPs.
B. 阻止未知IP的SYN
Block SYN from unknown IPs.
C. 在防火墙上开启SYN-ACK
spoofing Enable SYN-ACK spoofing at the firewall.
正确
D. 关闭TCP
Disable TCP.


25. 在放到生产网络之前，应用程序开发人员可在隔离的虚拟化环境中对应用程序使用什么测试技术？
What technique can application developers use to test applications in an isolated virtualized environment before allowing them on a production network?

A. 渗透测试
Penetration testing
B. 沙箱
Sandboxing
正确
C. 白盒测试
White box testing
D. 黑盒测试
Black box testing


26. 最近Roger 在一家公司接受了作为安全专员的新职位，该公司在IaaS 环境中运行整个IT 基础架构。以下哪一项最可能是Roger 公司的责任？
Roger recently accepted a new position as a security professional at a company that runs its entire IT infrastructure within an IaaS environment. Which one of the following would most likely be the responsibility of Roger&rsquo;s firm?

A. 配置网络防火墙
Configuring the network firewall
B. 应用虚拟机管理程序更新
Applying hypervisor updates
C. 修补操作系统
Patching operating systems
正确
D. 在处置前擦除驱动器
Wiping drives prior to disposal


27. 历史上的&ldquo;死亡ping&rdquo;攻击与以下哪种现代攻击类型最相似？
The historic ping of death attack is most similar to which of the following modern attack types?

A. SQL 注入
SQL injection
B. 跨站点脚本
Cross-site scripting
C. 缓冲区溢出
Buffer overflow
正确
D. 强力密码破解
Brute-force password cracking


28. Bruce 在他的网络上看到了相当多的可疑活动。看起来外部实体正尝试使用端口22 上的TCP 连接去连接到所有系统。外部实体可能在使用什么类型的扫描？
Bruce is seeing quite a bit of suspicious activity on his network. It appears that an outside entity is attempting to connect to all of his systems using a TCP connection on port 22. What type of scanning is the outsider likely engaging in?

A. FTP 扫描
FTP scanning
B. Telnet 扫描
Telnet scanning
C. SSH 扫描
SSH scanning
正确
D. HTTP 扫描
HTTP scanning


29. 参考以下场景回答后面的4个问题。
Ann 是一家中型企业的安全专业人员，通常为她的组织处理日志分析和安全监控任务。她的一个角色是监控来自组织的入侵检测系统的警报。该系统通常每天产生几十个警报，并且这些警报中的许多在她调查后成为误警。
今早，入侵检测系统因为网络开始收到异常高的入站流量而发出警报。Ann 收到这个警报并开始调查流量的起源。
Ann is a security professional for a midsized business and typically handles log analysis and security monitoring tasks for her organization. One of her roles is to monitor alerts originating from the organization&rsquo;s intrusion detection system. The system typically generates several dozen alerts each day, and many of those alerts turn out to be false alarms after her investigation.
This morning, the intrusion detection system alerted because the network began to receive an unusually high volume of inbound traffic. Ann received this alert and began looking into the origin of the traffic.

30. 什么级别的RAID 也称为磁盘镜像？
What level of RAID is also known as disk mirroring?

A. RAID-0
RAID-0
B. RAID-1
RAID-1
正确
C. RAID-5
RAID-5
D. RAID-10
RAID-10


31. 在什么虚拟化模型中，完全客户机的操作系统在虚拟化平台上运行？
In what virtualization model do full guest operating systems run on top of a virtualization platform?

A. 虚拟机
Virtual machines
正确
B. 软件定义的网络
Software-defined networking
C. 虚拟SAN(存储区域网)
Virtual SAN
D. 应用程序虚拟化
Application virtualization


32. 什么类型的灾难恢复测试激活备用处理设施，并使用它来执行事务，但使主站点保持运行？
What type of disaster recovery test activates the alternate processing facility and uses it to conduct transactions but leaves the primary site up and running?

A. 完全中断测试
Full interruption test
B. 平行试验
Parallel test
正确
C. 核对清单审查
Checklist review
D. 桌面练习
Tabletop exercise


33. 以下哪种工具帮助系统管理员为操作系统和应用程序提供标准的、安全的配置设置模板？
Which one of the following tools helps system administrators by providing a standard, secure template of configuration settings for operating systems and applications?

A. 安全指南
Security guidelines
B. 安全方针
Security policy
C. 基线配置
Baseline configuration
正确
D. 运行配置
Running configuration


34. 你正在对网络上潜在的bot 感染进行调查，并希望对网络上和Internet 上的不同系统之间传递的信息进行取证分析。你认为该信息可能已加密。你在活动结束后开始调查。获得信息来源的最好的、最简单的方法是什么？
You are performing an investigation into a potential bot infection on your network and wish to perform a forensic analysis of the information that passed between different systems on your network and those on the Internet. You believe that the information was likely encrypted. You are beginning your investigation after the activity concluded. What would be the best and easiest way to obtain the source of this information?

A. 数据包捕获
Packet captures
B. Netflow 网络流量数据
Netflow data
正确
C. 入侵检测系统日志
Intrusion detection system logs
D. 集中式身份验证记录
Centralized authentication records


35. Allie 负责审核所在组织的网络上的身份验证日志。她没有时间查看所有日志，因此决定只选择有四次或更多次无效身份验证尝试的记录。Allie 使用什么技术来减少这个&ldquo;池&rdquo;的大小？
Allie is responsible for reviewing authentication logs on her organization&rsquo;s network. She does not have the time to review all logs, so she decides to choose only records where there have been four or more invalid authentication attempts. What technique is Allie using to reduce the size of the pool?

A. 取样
Sampling
B. 随机选择
Random selection
C. 剪切
Clipping
正确
D. 统计分析
Statistical analysis


36. 以下哪种流量类型不应该被组织的出口过滤策略所阻止？
Which one of the following traffic types should not be blocked by an organization&rsquo;s egress filtering policy?

A. 发往私有IP 地址的流量
Traffic destined to a private IP address
B. 具有广播目的地的流量
Traffic with a broadcast destination
C. 来自外部网络的具有源地址的流量
Traffic with a source address from an external network
D. 在外部网络上具有目标地址的流量
Traffic with a destination address on an external network
正确


37. 以下哪些事件构成安全事件？
(1) 尝试的网络入侵
(2) 成功的数据库入侵
(3) 恶意软件感染
(4) 违反保密政策
(5) 从安全区域中删除信息的不成功尝试
Which of the following events would constitute a security incident?
1. An attempted network intrusion
2. A successful database intrusion
3. A malware infection
4. A violation of a confidentiality policy
5. An unsuccessful attempt to remove information from a secured area

A. 2、3 和4
2, 3, and 4
B. 1、2 和3
1, 2, and 3
C. 4 和5
4 and 5
D. 以上所有
All of the above
正确


38. Fran 正在为她的银行考虑新的人力资源政策，以阻止欺诈。她计划实施强制性休假政策。通常认为强制性休假的最短有效期是多长时间？
Fran is considering new human resources policies for her bank that will deter fraud. She plans to implement a mandatory vacation policy. What is typically considered the shortest effective length of a mandatory vacation?

A. 两天
Two days
B. 四天
Four days
C. 一周
One week
正确
D. 一个月
One month


39. 以下哪种工具为组织提供了最大级别的保护，以防止软件供应商的歇业？
Which one of the following tools provides an organization with the greatest level of protection against a software vendor going out of business?

A. 服务级协议
Service level agreement
B. 托管协议
Escrow agreement
正确
C. 互助协议
Mutual assistance agreement
D. PCI DSS 合规协议
PCI DSS compliance agreement


40. Gordon 怀疑黑客已经渗透了公司的系统。该系统不包含任何受管制的信息，Gordon 希望代表公司进行调查。他经主管许可进行调查。下列哪项陈述是真实的？
Gordon suspects that a hacker has penetrated a system belonging to his company. The system does not contain any regulated information, and Gordon wishes to conduct an investigation on behalf of his company. He has permission from his supervisor to conduct the investigation. Which of the following statements is true?

A. Gordon 在开始调查之前需要合法地联系执法机构
Gordon is legally required to contact law enforcement before beginning the investigation.
B. Gordon 不得进行自己的调查
Gordon may not conduct his own investigation.
C. Gordon 的调查可能包括检查硬盘的内容、网络流量以及属于公司的任何其他系统或信息
Gordon&rsquo;s investigation may include examining the contents of hard disks, network traffic, and any other systems or information belonging to the company.
正确
D. Gordon 可在识别犯罪者后从道德上执行&ldquo;反击&rdquo;活动
Gordon may ethically perform &ldquo;hack back&rdquo; activities after identifying the perpetrator.


41. Frank 正试图在法庭上介绍一个黑客的笔记本电脑作为对黑客行为的证据。笔记本电脑中包含的日志表明黑客犯下了罪行，但法院裁定，搜查公寓导致警方找到笔记本电脑是违宪的。什么可接受的标准阻止Frank 将笔记本电脑作为证据？
Frank is seeking to introduce a hacker&rsquo;s laptop in court as evidence against the hacker. The laptop does contain logs that indicate the hacker committed the crime, but the court ruled that the search of the apartment that resulted in police finding the laptop was unconstitutional. What admissibility criteria prevents Frank from introducing the laptop as evidence?

A. 重要性
Materiality
B. 相关性
Relevance
C. 转述
Hearsay
D. 胜任性
Competence
正确


42. 在事件响应过程的哪个阶段，管理员采取行动限制事件的影响或范围？
During what phase of the incident response process do administrators take action to limit the effect or scope of an incident?

A. 检测
Detection
B. 反应
Response
C. 缓解
Mitigation
正确
D. 恢复
Recovery


43. Carla 为公司工作了15 年，并且担任过各种不同的职位。每次改变职位，她都获得与该职位相关的新特权，但没有任何特权被解除。用什么概念来描述她积累的特权集？
Carla has worked for her company for 15 years and has held a variety of different positions. Each time she changed positions, she gained new privileges associated with that position, but no privileges were ever taken away. What concept describes the sets of privileges she has accumulated?

A. 权利
Entitlement
B. 聚合
Aggregation
正确
C. 传递
Transitivity
D. 隔离
Isolation


44. Brandon 观察到网络上的系统授权用户最近滥用他的账户，利用针对共享服务器的系统漏洞，获得对该服务器的root 访问权限。发生了什么类型的攻击？
Brandon observes that an authorized user of a system on his network recently misused his account to exploit a system vulnerability against a shared server that allowed him to gain root access to that server. What type of attack took place?

A. 拒绝服务
Denial of service
B. 特权升级
Privilege escalation
正确
C. 侦察
Reconnaissance
D. 暴力
Brute force


45. Melanie 怀疑有人使用恶意软件窃取公司的计算周期资源。以下哪个安全工具能最好地检测这类事件？
Melanie suspects that someone is using malicious software to steal computing cycles from her company. Which one of the following security tools would be in the best position to detect this type of incident?

A. NIDS
NIDS
B. 防火墙
Firewall
C. HIDS
HIDS
正确
D. DLP
DLP


46. 以下哪个事件标志着灾难恢复过程的完成？
Which one of the following events marks the completion of a disaster recovery process?

A. 保护财产和人身安全
Securing property and life safety
B. 在备用设施中恢复运营
Restoring operations in an alternate facility
C. 在主设备中恢复运营
Restoring operations in the primary facility
正确
D. 第一位响应人员的退出
Standing down first responders


47. Reggie 最近收到公司内部审计员发来的一封信，要求安排一个启动会议以对团队进行评估。Reggie 不希望在会议期间获知什么？
Reggie recently received a letter from his company&rsquo;s internal auditors scheduling the kickoff meeting for an assessment of his group. Which of the following should Reggie not expect to learn during that meeting?

A. 审计范围
Scope of the audit
B. 审计目的
Purpose of the audit
C. 预期时间表
Expected timeframe
D. 预期结果
Expected findings
正确


48. 在设计访问控制方案时，Hilda 设置角色，以使同一个人无法配置新用户账户并为账户分配超级用户权限。Hilda 遵循什么信息安全原则？
When designing an access control scheme, Hilda set up roles so that the same person does not have the ability to provision a new user account and assign superuser privileges to an account. What information security principle is Hilda following?

A. 最小特权
Least privilege
B. 职责分离
Separation of duties
正确
C. 工作轮换
Job rotation
D. 隐式安全
Security through obscurity


49. Veronica 正在考虑实施由顾问推荐的数据库恢复机制。在推荐的方法中，自动化过程将每晚把数据库的备份从主要设施移动到异地位置。顾问描述的是什么类型的数据库恢复技术？
Veronica is considering the implementation of a database recovery mechanism recommended by a consultant. In the recommended approach, an automated process will move database backups from the primary facility to an offsite location each night. What type of database recovery technique is the consultant describing?

A. 远程日志
Remote journaling
B. 远程镜像
Remote mirroring
C. 电子跳越
Electronic vaulting
正确
D. 事务日志
Transaction logging


50. 对于已实施了最佳防护的组织来说，以下哪种人是最大的安全风险？
Which one of the following individuals poses the greatest risk to security in most welldefended organizations?

A. 政治活动家
Political activist
B. 恶意的内部人员
Malicious insider
正确
C. 脚本小子
Script kiddie
D. 激进的攻击者
Thrill attacker


51. 正在评估洪水对某个区域的风险，并查阅联邦紧急管理署(FEMA)的洪水相关地图。根据这些地图，该地区位于一个200 年的洪泛平原内。该区域洪水的年发生率(ARO)是多少？
You are working to evaluate the risk of flood to an area and consult the flood maps from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). According to those maps, the area lies within a 200-year flood plain. What is the annualized rate of occurrence (ARO) of a flood in that region?

A. 200
200
B. 0.01
0.01
C. 0.02
0.02
D. 0.005
0.005
正确


52. 下图使用了什么技术来保护知识产权？

&nbsp;What technique has been used to protect the intellectual property in the following image?


A. &nbsp;隐写术
&nbsp;Steganography
&nbsp;
B. 剪切
Clipping
C. 取样
Sampling
D. 水印
&nbsp;Watermarking
正确


53. 请将数字标识的恢复能力类型与字母标志的相应正确解释进行匹配：
术语
1. 热站点
2. 冷站点
3. 温站点
4. 服务局
解释
A.&nbsp;在发生灾难时可以提供现场或异地IT服务的组织
B.&nbsp;具有专用存储和实时数据复制的站点，通常通过共享设备允许在很短的时间内恢复服务
C.&nbsp;进行恢复时依赖共享存储和备份
D.&nbsp;具有电源、冷却和连接功能的租赁空间，能够接受设备作为恢复工作的一部分
Match each of the numbered types of recovery capabilities to their correct lettered definition:
Terms
1. Hot site
2. Cold site
3. Warm site
4. Service bureau
Definitions
A. An organization that can provide onsite or offsite IT services in the event of a disaster
B. A site with dedicated storage and real-time data replication, often with shared equipment that allows restoration of service in a very short time
that allows restoration of service in a very short time
C. A site that relies on shared storage and backups for recovery
D. A rented space with power, cooling, and connectivity that can accept equipment as part of a recovery effort

A. 看答案
正确
B. 不看答案


54. Sam 负责备份公司的主文件服务器。他配置了一个备份计划，在每个星期一晚上9 点执行完全备份，同时在一周的其他日子执行差异备份。文件根据下图所示信息被更改。在星期三的备份中将复制多少个文件？

&nbsp;Sam is responsible for backing up his company&rsquo;s primary file server. He configured a backup schedule that performs full backups every Monday evening at 9 p.m. and differential backups on other days of the week at that same time. Files change according to the information shown in the following figure. How many files will be copied in Wednesday&rsquo;s backup?


A. 2
2
B. 3
3
C. 5
5
正确
D. 6
6


55. 请将每一个数字标记的术语与字母标记的定义进行匹配：
术语：
1. 蜜罐
2. 蜜网
3. 陷阱
4. 暗网
定义：
A.&nbsp;故意设计的漏洞，用于诱骗攻击者
B.&nbsp;建立有故意漏洞的网络
C.&nbsp;建立有故意漏洞的系统
D.&nbsp;没有任何主机的受监控网络
&nbsp;Match each of the numbered terms with its correct lettered definition:
Terms
1. Honeypot
2. Honeynet
3. Pseudoflaw
4. Darknet
Definitions
A. An intentionally designed vulnerability used to lure in an attacker
B. A network set up with intentional vulnerabilities
C. A system set up with intentional vulnerabilities
D. A monitored network without any hosts

A. 看答案
正确
B. 不看答案


56. 参照以下情景，回答4个问题：
Gary最近被聘为当地政府机构的第一位首席信息安全官(CISO)。该机构最近遭受了安全破坏，正尝试建立一个新的信息安全计划。Gary想在设计这个程序时应用一些安全操作的最佳实践。
Gary was recently hired as the first chief information security officer (CISO) for a local government agency. The agency recently suffered a security breach and is attempting to build a new information security program. Gary would like to apply some best practices for security operations as he is designing this program.

57. 你正在评估洪水对某个区域的风险，并查阅联邦紧急管理署(FEMA)的洪水相关地图。根据这些地图，该地区位于一个200 年的洪泛平原内。该区域洪水的年发生率(ARO)是多少？
You are working to evaluate the risk of flood to an area and consult the flood maps from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). According to those maps, the area lies within a 200-year flood plain. What is the annualized rate of occurrence (ARO) of a flood in that region?

A. 200
200
B. 0.01
0.01
C. 0.02
0.02
D. 0.005
0.005
正确


58. 在事故调查期间，调查员会见一位可能了解事件的信息但不是嫌疑人的系统管理员。在这次会议期间进行什么类型的对话？
During an incident investigation, investigators meet with a system administrator who may have information about the incident but is not a suspect. What type of conversation is taking place during this meeting?

A. 面试
Interview
正确
B. 审问
Interrogation
C. 面试和审问
Both an interview and an interrogation
D. 既不是面试也不是审讯
Neither an interview nor an interrogation


59. 以下哪一个不是(ISC)2 的道德准则规范？
Which one of the following is not a canon of the (ISC)2 code of ethics?

A. 保护社会、共同利益、必要的公众信任和基础设施
Protect society, the common good, necessary public trust and confidence, and the infrastructure.
B. 立即向当局报告安全漏洞
Promptly report security vulnerabilities to relevant authorities.
正确
C. 诚实、公正、负责任、合法地行事
Act honorably, honestly, justly, responsibly, and legally.
D. 为负责人提供勤奋和能干的服务
Provide diligent and competent service to principals.


60. 以下哪个语句最能描述零日漏洞？
Which one of the following statements best describes a zero-day vulnerability?

A. 新加入黑客世界的攻击者
An attacker who is new to the world of hacking
B. 数据库攻击，将日期00/00/0000 置于数据表中，试图利用业务逻辑中的缺陷
A database attack that places the date 00/00/0000 in data tables in an attempt to exploit flaws in business logic
C. 安全社区以前未知的攻击
An attack previously unknown to the security community
正确
D. 将操作系统日期和时间设置为00/00/0000 和00:00:00 的攻击
An attack that sets the operating system date and time to 00/00/0000 and 00:00:00


61. Florian 正在为其组织构建灾难恢复计划，并希望确定专用IT 服务可能停机时间而不会对业务运营造成严重损害的时间。Florian 计算的是什么变量？
Florian is building a disaster recovery plan for his organization and would like to determine the amount of time that a particular IT service may be down without causing serious damage to business operations. What variable is Florian calculating?

A. RTO
RTO
B. MTD
MTD
正确
C. RPO
RPO
D. SLA
SLA


62. 下图显示了什么类型的攻击？
What type of attack is shown in the following figure?


A. SYN flood
SYN flood
正确
B. Ping flood
Ping flood
C. Smurf 攻击
Smurf
D. Fraggle 攻击
Fraggle


63. 公司最近经历了在Connor 看来是来自内部源的拒绝服务攻击。如果是这样，公司经历了什么类型的事故?Connor&rsquo;s company recently experienced a denial of service attack that Connor believes came from an inside source. If true, what type of event has the company experienced?

A. 间谍
Espionage
B. 保密性破坏
Confidentiality breach
C. 内部破坏活动
Sabotage
正确
D. 完整性破坏
Integrity breach


64. 以下哪种技术将以合算的方式提供自动化程度最高的库存控制流程？
Which one of the following technologies would provide the most automation of an inventory control process in a cost-effective manner?

A. IPS(入侵防御系统)
IPS
B. 无线
WiFi
C. RFID(无线射频识别)
RFID
正确
D. 以太网&nbsp;
Ethernet


65. 以下哪一个是计算机安全事件的示例？
Which one of the following is an example of a computer security incident?

A. 完成备份计划
Completion of a backup schedule
B. 将系统访问记录在日志中
System access recorded in a log
C. 文件服务器的未经授权的漏洞扫描
Unauthorized vulnerability scan of a file server
正确
D. 更新反病毒程序的签名
Update of antivirus signatures


66. Tim 是一个取证分析师，试图从硬盘驱动器检索信息。看起来，用户已试图擦除了数据，而Tim 正在尝试重建它。Tim 执行的是什么类型的取证分析？
Tim is a forensic analyst who is attempting to retrieve information from a hard drive. It appears that the user attempted to erase the data, and Tim is trying to reconstruct it. What type of forensic analysis is Tim performing?

A. 软件分析
Software analysis
B. 介质分析
Media analysis
正确
C. 嵌入式设备分析
Embedded device analysis
D. 网络分析
Network analysis


67. 以下哪一项不是可以采取的一种基本预防性措施，以保护你的系统和应用程序免受攻击？
Which one of the following is not a basic preventative measure that you can take to protect your systems and applications against attack?

A. 实施入侵检测和预防系统
Implement intrusion detection and prevention systems.
B. 在所有操作系统和应用程序上维护最新补丁程序级别
Maintain current patch levels on all operating systems and applications.
C. 删除不必要的账户和服务
Remove unnecessary accounts and services.
D. 对所有系统进行取证的镜像操作
Conduct forensic imaging of all systems.
正确


68. Javier 正在验证只有出于管理目的IT 系统管理员才能够登录到服务器的情况。他实施的是什么信息安全原则？
Javier is verifying that only IT system administrators have the ability to log on to servers used for administrative purposes. What principle of information security is he enforcing?

A. 须知
Need to know
B. 最小特权
Least privilege
正确
C. 两人控制
Two-person control
D. 传递信任
Transitive trust


69. 关于(ISC)道德守则，以下哪项不是真的？
Which of the following is not true about the (ISC)2 code of ethics?

A. 遵守守则是认证的条件
Adherence to the code is a condition of certification.
B. 未能遵守守则可能导致撤销认证
Failure to comply with the code may result in revocation of certification.
C. 该守则适用于信息安全专业的所有成员
The code applies to all members of the information security profession.
正确
D. 违反守则的会员必须报告可能的违规行为
Members who observe a breach of the code are required to report the possible violation.


70. 以下哪一个是人为灾难的例子？
Which one of the following is an example of a manmade disaster?

A. 飓风
Hurricane
B. 洪水
Flood
C. 泥流
Mudslide
D. 变压器故障
Transformer failure
正确


71. Joe想要测试一个他怀疑可能包含恶意代码的程序。在程序运行时，他可以使用什么技术来对该程序进行隔离？
Joe wants to test a program he suspects may contain malware. What technology can he use to isolate the program while it runs?

A. ASLR
ASLR
B. 沙箱
Sandboxing
正确
C. 剪裁
Clipping
D. 进程隔离
Process isolation


72. Richard 所在组织的网络上出现网络服务质量方面的问题。主要的症状是，数据包从源头到目的地的传输时间过长。用什么术语描述Richard 面临的问题？
Richard is experiencing issues with the quality of network service on his organization&rsquo;s network. The primary symptom is that packets are consistently taking too long to travel from their source to their destination. What term describes the issue Richard is facing?

A. 抖动
Jitter
B. 数据包丢失
Packet loss
C. 干扰
Interference
D. 延迟
Latency
正确


73. 以下哪个框架侧重于IT 服务管理，包括变更管理、配置管理和服务级别协议等主题？
Which one of the following frameworks focuses on IT service management and includes topics such as change management, configuration management, and service level agreements?

A. ITIL
ITIL
正确
B. PMBOK
PMBOK
C. PCI DSS
PCI DSS
D. TOGAF
TOGAF


74. 以下哪种类型的协议是一种最正式的文档，其中包含对服务提供商和客户之间的可用性和其他性能参数的期望？
Which one of the following types of agreements is the most formal document that contains expectations about availability and other performance parameters between a service provider and a customer?

A. 服务级别协议(SLA)
Service-level agreement (SLA)
正确
B. 业务水平协议(OLA)
Operational-level agreement (OLA)
C. 谅解备忘录(MOU)
Memorandum of understanding (MOU)
D. 工作说明书(SOW)
Statement of work (SOW)


75. 在创建新账户时，使用什么术语来描述分配给用户的默认权限集？
What term is used to describe the default set of privileges assigned to a user when a new account is created?

A. 聚集
Aggregation
B. 传递
Transitivity
C. 基线
Baseline
D. 权利
Entitlement
正确


76. 下列哪个组织部门很可能在CSIRT 里有代表？
I. 信息安全
II. 法律顾问
III. 高级管理层
IV. 工程
Which of the following organizations would be likely to have a representative on a CSIRT?
I. Information security
II. Legal counsel
III. Senior management
IV. Engineering

A. &nbsp;I、III 和IV &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I, III, and IV
B. I、II 和III &nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;I, II, and III
C. I、II 和IV &nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;I, II, and IV
D. &nbsp;以上全是 &nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;All of the above
正确


77. 在执行灾难恢复计划时，通常会将以下哪种情况视为灾难示例?
I 黑客事件
II 洪水
III 火灾
IV 恐怖主义
Which of the following would normally be considered an example of a disaster when Performing disaster recovery planning?
I. Hacking incident
II. Flood
III. Fire
IV. Terrorism

A. II 和III &nbsp;&nbsp;
II and III only
B. 仅I 和IV
I and IV only
C. II、III 和IV &nbsp;&nbsp;
II, III, and IV only
D. I、II、III 和IV &nbsp;
I, II, III, and IV
正确


78. 在虚拟化平台中，负责通过虚拟资源来控制访问物理资源的模块被赋予什么名称？
In virtualization platforms, what name is given to the module that is responsible for controlling access to physical resources by virtual resources?

A. 客户主机
Guest machine
B. SDN
SDN
C. 内核
Kernel
D. 虚拟机管理程序
Hypervisor
正确


79. 以下哪个安全工具无法生成对安全事件的主动响应？
Which one of the following security tools is not capable of generating an active response to a security event?

A. IPS
IPS
B. 防火墙
Firewall
C. IDS
IDS
正确
D. 防毒软件
Antivirus software


80. 下面哪一种云计算模型是一个客户与其他用户共享云供应商的计算基础设施，而一个客户可能不知道其他方的身份?
In which cloud computing model does a customer share computing infrastructure with other customers of the cloud vendor where one customer may not know the other&rsquo;s identity?

A. 公有云
Public cloud
正确
B. 私有云
Private cloud
C. 社区云
Community cloud
D. 共享云
Shared cloud


81. 以下哪一项不是法庭可接受证据的要求？
Which one of the following is not a requirement for evidence to be admissible in court?

A. 证据必须相关
The evidence must be relevant.
B. 证据必须是物质的
The evidence must be material.
C. 证据必须是有形的
The evidence must be tangible.
正确
D. 证据必须胜任
The evidence must be competent.


82. Helen 正在实施一种新的安全机制，用于在会计系统中授予员工管理权限。她设计流程，以便员工的经理和会计经理在授予访问权之前必须批准请求。Helen 加强的是什么信息安全原则？
Helen is implementing a new security mechanism for granting employees administrative privileges in the accounting system. She designs the process so that both the employee&rsquo;s manager and the accounting manager must approve the request before the access is granted. What information security principle is Helen enforcing?

A. 最小特权
Least privilege
B. 两人控制
Two-person control
正确
C. 工作轮换
Job rotation
D. 职责分离
Separation of duties


83. 以下哪一个不是备份磁带循环方案的示例？
Which one of the following is not an example of a backup tape rotation scheme?

A. 祖父/父亲/儿子
Grandfather/Father/Son
B. 中间相遇
Meet in the middle
正确
C. 汉诺塔
Tower of Hanoi
D. 每周六盒
Six Cartridge Weekly


84. Glenda 希望进行一次灾难恢复测试，并正在寻求一项测试，以便在不影响或尽可能少影响正常信息系统活动的情况下审查该计划。她应该选择什么类型的测试？
Glenda would like to conduct a disaster recovery test and is seeking a test that will allow a review of the plan with no disruption to normal information system activities and as minimal a commitment of time as possible. What type of test should she choose?

A. 桌面练习
Tabletop exercise
B. 平行试验
Parallel test
C. 完全中断试验
Full interruption test
D. 核对清单审查
Checklist review
正确


85. 以下哪一个信息源对于在应用程序、设备和操作系统中寻求信息安全漏洞列表的安全管理员有用？
Which one of the following information sources is useful to security administrators seeking a list of information security vulnerabilities in applications, devices, and operating systems?

A. OWASP
OWASP
B. Bugtraq
Bugtraq
C. 微软安全公告
Microsoft Security Bulletins
D. CVE
CVE
正确


86. Mark 正在考虑用云中可用的新产品替换其组织的客户关系管理(CRM)解决方案。这个新的解决方案完全由供应商管理，Mark 的公司不必编写任何代码或管理任何物理资源。Mark 考虑什么类型的云解决方案？
Mark is considering replacing his organization&rsquo;s customer relationship management (CRM) solution with a new product that is available in the cloud. This new solution is completely managed by the vendor, and Mark&rsquo;s company will not have to write any code or manage any physical resources. What type of cloud solution is Mark considering?

A. IaaS
IaaS
B. CaaS
CaaS
C. PaaS
PaaS
D. SaaS
SaaS
正确


87. Tom 正在响应最近一次安全事件，并在寻求关于系统安全设置最近修改的审批过程信息。他最可能在哪里找到这些信息？
Tom is responding to a recent security incident and is seeking information on the approval process for a recent modification to a system&rsquo;s security settings. Where would he most likely find this information?

A. 变更日志
Change log
正确
B. 系统日志
System log
C. 安全日志
Security log
D. 应用程序日志
Application log


88. Brian 最近加入了一个组织，该组织在位于自己数据中心的虚拟化平台上运行大部分服务，但也利用IaaS 提供商托管其Web 服务和SaaS 电子邮件系统。什么术语最好地描述了该组织使用的云环境类型？
Brian recently joined an organization that runs the majority of its services on a virtualization platform located in its own data center but also leverages an IaaS provider for hosting its web services and a SaaS email system. What term best describes the type of cloud environment this organization uses?

A. 公共云
Public cloud
B. 专用云
Dedicated cloud
C. 私有云
Private cloud
D. 混合云
Hybrid cloud
正确


89. 以下哪种机制通常不被视为对欺诈的威慑？
Which one of the following mechanisms is not commonly seen as a deterrent to fraud?

A. 工作轮换
Job rotation
B. 强制性假期
Mandatory vacations
C. 事件响应
Incident response
正确
D. 两人控制
Two-person control


90. &nbsp;Lydia 正在处理组织的访问控制请求。她遇到一个请求，其用户有所需的安全许可，但没有访问的业务理由。Lydia 遵循什么安全原则拒绝这个请求？Lydia is processing access control requests for her organization. She comes across a request where the user does have the required security clearance, but there is no business justification for the access. Lydia denies this request. What security principle is she following?

A. 须知
Need to know
正确
B. 最小特权
Least privilege
C. 职责分离
Separation of duties
D. 两人控制
Two-person control


91. 以下哪一项任务是由取证的磁盘控制器所执行的？
Which one of the following tasks is performed by a forensic disk controller?

A. 根据存储设备的报告屏蔽错误状态
Masking error conditions reported by the storage device
B. 向存储设备发送写入命令
Transmitting write commands to the storage device
C. 向存储设备发送拦截或丢弃任何修改的命令
Intercepting and modifying or discarding commands sent to the storage device
正确
D. 防止发送到设备的读取操作返回数据
Preventing data from being returned by a read operation sent to the device


92. 以下哪个术语通常用于描述一个大集合中所发布的不相关补丁集合？
Which one of the following terms is often used to describe a collection of unrelated patches released in a large collection?

A. 热修复
Hotfix
B. 更新
Update
C. 安全修复
Security fix
D. 服务包
Service pack
正确


93. 组织何时应该针对用户对敏感系统的特权访问进行审查？
When should an organization conduct a review of the privileged access that a user has to sensitive systems?

A. 定期
On a periodic basis
B. 当用户离开组织时
When a user leaves the organization
C. 用户更改角色时
When a user changes roles
D. 以上所有
All of the above
正确


94. Jim想要识别他的网络上可能正在参与僵尸网络的受损系统。他计划通过观察与已知&ldquo;命令和控制&rdquo;服务器的连接来做到这一点。如果Jim能访问已知服务器列表，那么以下哪种技术最可能提供此信息？
Jim would like to identify compromised systems on his network that may be participating in a botnet. He plans to do this by watching for connections made to known commandand-control servers. Which one of the following techniques would be most likely to provide this information if Jim has access to a list of known servers?

A. 网络流量记录
Netflow records
正确
B. IDS 日志
IDS logs
C. 身份验证日志
Authentication logs
D. RFC 日志
RFC logs


95. 在什么虚拟化模型下，虚拟化平台将网络控制层面与数据层面分离，并以更简单的方式替换复杂的网络设备，设备只是从控制器接收指令？
Under what virtualization model does the virtualization platform separate the network control plane from the data plane and replace complex network devices with simpler devices that simply receive instructions from the controller?

A. 虚拟机
Virtual machines
B. VSAN
VSAN
C. VLAN
VLAN
D. SDN
SDN
正确


96. Toni 响应一个用户报告的系统运行缓慢问题。在检查该系统的出站网络连接时，Toni 注意到源自该系统的大量社交媒体流量。该用户并不使用社交媒体，当Toni检查有问题的账户时，发现其中包含一些显示为加密的消息。造成这些流量的最可能原因是什么？
Toni responds to the desk of a user who reports slow system activity. Upon checking outbound network connections from that system, Toni notices a large amount of social media traffic originating from the system. The user does not use social media, and when Toni checks the accounts in question, they contain strange messages that appear encrypted. What is the most likely cause of this traffic?

A. 其他用户通过Toni 的计算机转发社交媒体请求
Other users are relaying social media requests through Toni&rsquo;s computer.
B. Toni 的计算机是僵尸网络的一部分
Toni&rsquo;s computer is part of a botnet.
正确
C. Toni 在她使用社交媒体上撒了谎
Toni is lying about her use of social media.
D. 有人在Toni 不在场时使用其电脑
Someone else is using Toni&rsquo;s computer when she is not present.


97. 安全团队可在蜜罐系统上使用以下哪种方式来消耗攻击者的时间，同时提醒管理员？
Which one of the following might a security team use on a honeypot system to consume an attacker&rsquo;s time while alerting administrators?

A. 蜜罐网络
Honeynet
B. 圈套
Pseudoflaw
正确
C. 警告横幅
Warning banner
D. 暗网
Darknet


98. 以下哪一种可信的恢复类型不会在失败时进入安全操作状态？
Which one of the following trusted recovery types does not fail into a secure operating state?

A. 手动恢复
Manual recovery
正确
B. 自动恢复
Automated recovery
C. 无不当损失的自动恢复
Automated recovery without undue loss
D. 功能恢复
Function recovery


99. 什么类型的证据完全由可以提交给法院的有形物品组成？
What type of evidence consists entirely of tangible items that may be brought into a court of law?

A. 书面证据
Documentary evidence
B. 口头证据
Parol evidence
C. 证言证据
Testimonial evidence
D. 真实证据
Real evidence
正确


100. 以下哪类人员最可能领导监管调查？
Which one of the following individuals is most likely to lead a regulatory investigation?

A. CISO(首席信息安全官)
CISO
B. CIO(首席信息官)
CIO
C. 政府代理
Government agent
正确
D. 私家侦探
Private detective


101. 以下哪项不是一种必须自动发送到超级用户操作日志中的特权管理活动？
Which one of the following is not a privileged administrative activity that should be automatically sent to a log of superuser actions?

A. 清除日志条目
Purging log entries
B. 从备份还原系统
Restoring a system from backup
C. 登录工作站
Logging into a workstation
正确
D. 管理用户账户
Managing user accounts


102. Joe 是ERP系统的安全管理员。他正准备为几个新员工创建账户。在创建账户时，他应该给予所有新员工什么默认访问权限？
Joe is the security administrator for an ERP system. He is preparing to create accounts for several new employees. What default access should he give to all of the new employees as he creates the accounts?

A. 只读
Read only
B. 编辑
Editor
C. 管理员
Administrator
D. 无法访问
No access
正确


