1. 使用下列场景，回答下面3个问题：
Ben 是一家用虚拟机替代物理服务器的组织的信息安全专家。组织建立了虚拟环境，减少物理服务器使用的数量，同时也购买了更强大的服务器作为虚拟化平台。
Ben is an information security professional at an organization that is replacing its physical servers with virtual machines. As the organization builds its virtual environment, it is decreasing the number of physical servers it uses while purchasing more powerful servers to act as the virtualization platforms.

2. 请按从第1层到第7层的顺序，展现了OSI模型。
A. 应用层
B. 数据链路层
C. 网络层
D. 物理层
E. 表示层
F. 会话层
G. 传输层
Place the layers of the OSI model shown here in the appropriate order, from layer 1 to layer 7.
A. Application
B. Data Link
C. Network
D. Physical
E. Presentation
F. Session
G. Transport

A. 看答案
正确
B. 不看答案


3. 下图显示了什么类型的防火墙设计？

What type of firewall design does the following image show?


A. 单层防火墙
A single-tier firewall
B. 两层防火墙
A two-tier firewall
正确
C. &nbsp;三层防火墙
A three-tier firewall
D. 完全受保护的DMZ 防火墙
A fully protected DMZ firewall


4. 下图中显示了什么类型的防火墙设计？

What type of firewall design is shown in the following image?


A. 单层
Single tier
正确
B. 两层
Two tier
C. 三层
Three tier
D. 下一代
Next generation


5. 对于下面问题1-4，请参阅下图所示的状态检查防火墙中运行的规则库。图中省略了源端口，但为了回答问题1-4，可以假设它们是正确指定的。
For questions 1-4, please refer to a stateful inspection firewall running the rulebase shown here. The source ports have been omitted from the figure, but you may assume that they are specified correctly for the purposes of answering questions 1-4


6. 下面显示了什么网络拓扑？


What network topology is shown here?

A. 环
A ring
B. 总线
A bus
C. 星型
A star
D. 网状
A mesh
正确


7. 下图中显示了什么网络拓扑？
What network topology is shown in the following image?

&nbsp;

A. 环状
A ring
B. 星型
A star
C. 总线
A bus
正确
D. 网状
A mesh


8. Ben 知道他的组织希望能在接收和发送电子邮件时，根据其域名验证其他组织的身份。Ben 应该推荐什么样的工具？
Ben knows that his organization wants to be able to validate the identity of other organizations based on their domain name when receiving and sending email. What tool should Ben recommend?

A. PEM
PEM
B. S/MIME
S/MIME
C. DKIM
DKIM
正确
D. MOSS
MOSS


9. 在进行法庭调查期间，Charles 能够确定连接到受损网络的系统的介质访问控制地址。查尔斯知道MAC 地址被绑回到制造商或供应商并且是系统的指纹的一部分。MAC 地址属于哪个OSI 层？
During a forensic investigation, Charles is able to determine the Media Access Control address of a system that was connected to a compromised network. Charles knows that MAC addresses are tied back to a manufacturer or vendor and are part of the fingerprint of the system. To which OSI layer does a MAC address belong?

A. 应用层
The Application layer
B. 会话层
The Session layer
C. 物理层
The Physical layer
D. 数据链路层
The Data Link layer
正确


10. Chris 正在建立一个酒店网络，并且需要确保每个房间或套房中的系统可以相互连接，但不能与其他套房或房间的系统相连。同时，他需要确保酒店中的所有系统都可以访问互联网。他应该推荐什么解决方案作为最有效的业务解决方案？
Chris is setting up a hotel network and needs to ensure that systems in each room or suite can connect to each other, but systems in other suites or rooms cannot. At the same time, he needs to ensure that all systems in the hotel can reach the internet. What solution should he recommend as the most effective business solution?

A. 每房间
VPN Per-room VPNs
B. VLAN
VLANs
正确
C. 端口安全
Port security
D. 防火墙
Firewalls


11. 实施RC4的哪两个关键问题使有线等效保密(WEP)甚至更弱？
What two key issues with the implementation of RC4 make Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) even weaker than it might otherwise be?

A. 使用静态公共密钥和客户端设置加密算法
Its use of a static common key and client-set encryption&nbsp; algorithms
B. 使用静态公钥和有限数量的初始化向量
Its use of a static common key and a limited number of&nbsp; initialization vectors
正确
C. 它使用弱不对称密钥和有限数量的初始化向量
&nbsp;Its use of weak asymmetric keys and a limited number of&nbsp; initialization vectors
D. 使用弱不对称密钥和客户端加密算法
Its use of a weak asymmetric key and client-set encryption algorithms


12. 当通过一组电线传输的数据被另一组电线拾取时，会发生什么问题？
What issue occurs when data transmitted over one set of wires is picked up by another set of wires?

A. 磁干扰
Magnetic interference
B. 串扰
Crosstalk
正确
C. 透射吸收
Transmission absorption
D. 幅度调制
Amplitude modulation


13. &nbsp;3 类UTP 电缆的额定速度是多少？
What speed is Category 3 UTP cable rated for?

A. 5 Mbps
5 Mbps
B. 10 Mbps
10 Mbps
正确
C. 100 Mbps
100 Mbps
D. 1000 Mbps
1000 Mbps


14. 在成功进行ARP 欺骗尝试后，最可能发生什么类型的攻击？
What type of attack is most likely to occur after a successful ARP spoofing attempt?

A. DoS 攻击
A DoS attack
B. 特洛伊木马
A Trojan
C. 重放攻击
A replay attack
D. 中间人攻击
A man-in-the-middle attack
正确


15. 什么拓扑正确地描述以太网？
What topology correctly describes Ethernet?

A. 环
A ring
B. 星型
A star
C. 网状
A mesh
D. 总线
A bus
正确


16. &nbsp;Jim 正在创建一个计算系统研究，这将从系统之间的全网状拓扑部分受益。在五个节点的全网状拓扑设计中，单个节点有多少连接？
Jim is building a research computing system that benefits from being part of a full mesh topology between systems. In a five-node full mesh topology design, how many connections will an individual node have?

A. 二
Two
B. 三
Three
C. 四
Four
正确
D. 五
Five


17. 出于安全原因，Lauren 被要求用L2TP 实施取代其组织的PPTP 实施。用L2TP取代PPTP 的主要安全原因是什么？
Lauren has been asked to replace her organization&rsquo;s PPTP implementation with an L2TP implementation for security reasons. What is the primary security reason that L2TP would replace PPTP?

A. L2TP 可使用IPsec
L2TP can use IPsec.
正确
B. L2TP 创建点到点隧道，避免多点问题
L2TP creates a point-to-point tunnel, avoiding multipoint issues.
C. PPTP 不支持EAP
PPTP doesn&rsquo;t support EAP.
D. PPTP 没有恰当地封装PPP 数据包
PPTP doesn&rsquo;t properly encapsulate PPP packets.


18. Angela 需要在EAP、PEAP 和LEAP 之间选择安全身份验证。她应该选择哪种身份验证协议？为什么？
Angela needs to choose between EAP, PEAP, and LEAP for secure authentication. Which authentication protocol should she choose and why?

A. EAP，因为它默认提供强加密EAP,
because it provides strong encryption by default
B. LEAP，因为它提供频繁的重新身份验证，并会更改WEP 密钥
LEAP, because it provides frequent reauthentication and changing of WEP keys
C. PEAP，因为它提供加密，并且没有与LEAP 相同的漏洞
PEAP, because it provides encryption and doesn&rsquo;t suffer from the same vulnerabilities that LEAP does
正确
D. 这些选项都不能提供安全身份验证，并且应该选择替代解决方案
None of these options can provide secure authentication, and an alternate solution should be chosen.


19. Jim 在进行安全审计时发现的一个结果是在专用网络中使用了非IP 协议。Jim 应该指出，使用这些非IP 协议可能导致什么问题？
One of the findings that Jim made when performing a security audit was the use of non-IP protocols in a private network. What issue should Jim point out that may result from the use of these non-IP protocols?

A. 它们已经过时，并不能在现代PC 上使用
They are outdated and cannot be used on modern PCs.
B. 它们可能无法被防火墙设备过滤
They may not be able to be filtered by firewall devices.
正确
C. 可能允许圣诞树攻击
They may allow Christmas tree attacks.
D. IPX 在IP 协议上扩展，并且可能不受所有TCP 堆栈支持
IPX extends on the IP protocol and may not be supported by all TCP stacks.


20. Phillip维护着一家使用调制解调器的银行，由于还需要支撑该银行几项遗留服务。以下哪种协议最适合此目的？
Phillip maintains a modem bank in support of several legacy services used by his organization. Which one of the following protocols is most appropriate for this purpose?

A. SLIP
SLIP
B. SLAP
SLAP
C. PPTP
PPTP
D. PPP
PPP
正确


21. 发送分段TCP分组的拒绝服务(DoS)攻击被称为什么类型的攻击？
A denial of service (DoS) attack that sends fragmented TCP packets is known as what kind of attack?

A. 圣诞树
Christmas tree
B. 泪滴
Teardrop
正确
C. 堆栈杀手
Stack killer
D. 碎片攻击
Frag grenade


22. 在模拟载波信号和数字信息之间，为计算机通信使用什么类型的网络设备进行调制？
What type of network device modulates between an analog carrier signal and digital information for computer communications?

A. 网桥
A bridge
B. 路由器
A router
C. 桥接路由器
A brouter
D. 调制解调器
A modem
正确


23. Steve 的任务是通过IP 网络实现网络存储协议。他可能在实施中使用哪种以存储为中心的融合协议？
Steve has been tasked with implementing a network storage protocol over an IP network. What storage-centric converged protocol is he likely to use in his implementation?

A. MPLS
MPLS
B. FCoE
FCoE
正确
C. SDN
SDN
D. VoIP
VoIP


24. 什么类型的网络设备最常用于把终端系统分配到VLAN中？
What type of networking device is most commonly used to assign endpoint systems to VLANs?

A. 防火墙
Firewall
B. 路由器
Router
C. 交换机
Switch
正确
D. 集线器
Hub


25. Susan 正为需要使用蓝牙的组织编写最佳实践声明。她知道蓝牙有许多潜在的安全问题，并希望可以提出最好的建议。Susan 的建议应该包括以下哪几点？
Susan is writing a best practices statement for her organizational users who need to use Bluetooth. She knows that there are many potential security issues with Bluetooth and wants to provide the best advice she can. Which of the following sets of guidance should Susan include?

A. 使用蓝牙的内置强加密，更改设备上的默认PIN，关闭发现模式以及在蓝牙未使用时关闭蓝牙
Use Bluetooth&rsquo;s built-in strong encryption, change the default PIN on your device, turn off discovery mode, and turn off Bluetooth when it&rsquo;s not in active use.
B. 仅对非机密活动使用蓝牙，更改设备上的默认PIN，关闭发现模式以及在未使用蓝牙时关闭蓝牙
Use Bluetooth only for those activities that are not&nbsp; confidential, change the default PIN on your device, turn off discovery mode, and turn off Bluetooth when it&rsquo;s not in&nbsp; active use.
正确
C. 使用蓝牙的内置强加密，使用扩展(8 位或更长)蓝牙PIN，关闭发现模式以及在未使用时关闭蓝牙
Use Bluetooth&rsquo;s built-in strong encryption, use extended&nbsp; (8 digit or longer) Bluetooth PINs, turn off discovery mode, and turn off Bluetooth when it&rsquo;s not in active use.
D. 仅对非机密活动使用蓝牙，使用扩展(8 位或更长)蓝牙PIN，关闭发现模式以及在未使用蓝牙时关闭蓝牙
Use Bluetooth only for those activities that are not&nbsp; confidential, use extended (8 digit or longer) Bluetooth&nbsp; PINs, turn off discovery mode, and turn off Bluetooth when it&rsquo;s not in active use.


26. &nbsp;127.0.0.1 是什么类型的地址？
What type of address is 127.0.0.1?

A. 公共IP 地址
A public IP address
B. RFC 1918 地址
An RFC 1918 address
C. APIPA 地址
An APIPA address
D. 环回地址
A loopback address
正确


27. 终端安全系统部署最常见的挑战是什么？
What challenge is most common for endpoint security system deployments?

A. 破坏
Compromises
B. 数据量
The volume of data
正确
C. 监控网络上的加密流量
Monitoring encrypted traffic on the network
D. 处理非TCP 协议
Handling non-TCP protocols


28. T3 线路的速度是多少？
What is the speed of a T3 line?

A. 128Kbps
128 kbps
B. 1.544Mbps
1.544 Mbps
C. 44.736Mbps
44.736 Mbps
正确
D. 155Mbps
155 Mbps


29. 当以太网上的主机检测到冲突并发送阻塞信号时，接下来会发生什么？
When a host on an Ethernet network detects a collision and transmits a jam signal, what happens next?

A. 发送阻塞信号的主机被允许重新发送，而所有其他主机暂停，直到该发送被成功收到为止
The host that transmitted the jam signal is allowed to retransmit while all other hosts pause until that transmission is received successfully.
B. 所有主机停止发送，并且每个主机在尝试再次发送之前等待随机的一段时间
All hosts stop transmitting, and each host waits a random period of time before attempting to transmit again.
正确
C. 所有主机停止传输，每个主机根据它最近成功传输的时间等待一段时间
All hosts stop transmitting, and each host waits a period of time based on how recently it successfully transmitted.
D. 主机等待令牌传递，然后在它们通过令牌时恢复传输数据
Hosts wait for the token to be passed and then resume transmitting data as they pass the token.


30. WPA2 的计数器模式密码块链接消息身份验证模式协议(CCMP)基于哪种通用加密方案？
WPA2&rsquo;s Counter Mode Cipher Block Chaining Message Authentication Mode Protocol (CCMP) is based on which common encryption scheme?

A. DES
DES
B. 3DES
3DES
C. AES
AES
正确
D. TLS
TLS


31. ICMP、RIP 和网络地址转换都发生在OSI 模型的什么层？
ICMP, RIP, and network address translation all occur at what layer of the OSI model?

A. 第1 层
Layer 1
B. 第2 层
Layer 2
C. 第3 层
Layer 3
正确
D. 第4 层
Layer 4


32. 在审查Angela 的组织网络时，她发现网络受到广播风暴的影响，并且承包商、访客和组织行政人员都在同一网段。Angela 推荐哪种设计更改方式？
During a review of her organization&rsquo;s network, Angela discovered that it was suffering from broadcast storms and that contractors, guests, and organizational administrative staff were on the same network segment. What design change should Angela recommend?

A. 要求所有用户加密
Require encryption for all users.
B. 在网络边界安装防火墙
Install a firewall at the network border.
C. 启用生成树循环检测
Enable spanning tree loop detection.
D. 根据功能需求分段网络
Segment the network based on functional requirements.
正确


33. 电缆调制解调器、ISDN 和DSL 都是什么类型的技术例子？
Cable modems, ISDN, and DSL are all examples of what type of technology?

A. 基带
Baseband
B. 宽带
Broadband
正确
C. 数字
Digital
D. 广播
Broadcast


34. Lauren 的网络团队被要求识别一种技术，允许他们像代码一样处理网络，并动态改变组织的网络。她应当推荐什么类型的架构？
Lauren&rsquo;s networking team has been asked to identify a technology that will allow them to dynamically change the organization&rsquo;s network by treating the network like code. What type of architecture should she recommend?

A. 遵循5-4-3 规则的网络
A network that follows the 5-4-3 rule
B. 融合网络
A converged network
C. 软件定义网络
A software-defined network
正确
D. 基于管理程序的网络
A hypervisor-based network


35. Chris 需要设计一个能够单独支持DMZ、数据库和专用内部网络的防火墙架构。他应该使用什么类型的设计，他需要多少台防火墙？
Chris needs to design a firewall architecture that can support a DMZ, a database, and a private internal network in a secure manner that separates each function. What type of design should he use, and how many firewalls does he need?

A. 具有两台防火墙的四层防火墙设计
A four-tier firewall design with two firewalls
B. 具有三台防火墙的双层防火墙设计
A two-tier firewall design with three firewalls
C. 具有至少一台防火墙的三层防火墙设计
A three-tier firewall design with at least one firewall
正确
D. 具有三台防火墙的单层防火墙设计
A single-tier firewall design with three firewalls


36. 数据流出现在OSI 模型的哪三层上？
Data streams occur at what three layers of the OSI model?

A. 应用、表示和会话
Application, Presentation, and Session
正确
B. 表示、会话和传输
Presentation, Session, and Transport
C. 物理、数据链路和网络
Physical, Data Link, and Network
D. 数据链路、网络和传输
Data Link, Network, and Transport


37. Lauren 的组织在与台式PC 相同的交换机上部署了VoIP 电话。这会产生什么安全问题？什么解决方案会有帮助？
Lauren&rsquo;s organization has deployed VoIP phones on the same switches that the desktop PCs are on. What security issue could this create, and what solution would help?

A. VLAN 跳跃，使用物理隔离交换机
VLAN hopping; use physically separate switches.
正确
B. VLAN 跳跃，使用加密
VLAN hopping; use encryption.
C. 主叫ID 欺骗，MAC 过滤
Caller ID spoofing; MAC filtering.
D. 拒绝服务攻击，在网络间使用防火墙
Denial of service attacks; use a firewall between networks.


38. 无线电话常忽视哪个常见的安全问题？
What common security issue is often overlooked with cordless phones?

A. 信号很少加密，因此可以很容易监听
Their signal is rarely encrypted and thus can be easily monitored.
正确
B. 使用未授权的频率
They use unlicensed frequencies.
C. 可以允许攻击者访问无线网络
They can allow attackers access to wireless networks.
D. 很少打补丁和容易受到恶意软件攻击
They are rarely patched and are vulnerable to malware.


39. Jim 的组织使用传统的PBX 进行语音通信。组织内部通信可能面临的最常见安全问题是什么？他应该推荐什么来防止它？
Jim&rsquo;s organization uses a traditional PBX for voice communication. What is the most common security issue that its internal communications are likely to face, and what should he recommend to prevent it?

A. 窃听，加密
Eavesdropping, encryption
B. 中间人攻击，端到端加密
Man-in-the-middle attacks, end-to-end encryption
C. 窃听，物理安全
Eavesdropping, physical security
正确
D. 战争拨号，部署
IPS Wardialing, deploy an IPS


40. B 类网络的默认子网掩码是什么？
What is the default subnet mask for a Class B network?

A. 255.0.0.0
255.0.0.0
B. 255.255.0.0
255.255.0.0
正确
C. 255.254.0.0
255.254.0.0
D. 255.255.255.0
255.255.255.0


41. Ben 正在对网络进行故障排除，他发现连接的NAT 路由器用192.168.x.x 子网作为其内部网络，其外部IP 是192.168.1.40。他遇到了什么问题？
Ben is troubleshooting a network and discovers that the NAT router he is connected to has the 192.168.x.x subnet as its internal network and that its external IP is 192.168.1.40. What problem is he encountering?

A. 192.168.x.x 是不可路由的网络，不会被传送到互联网上
192.168.x.x is a non-routable network and will not be carried to the Internet.
B. 192.168.1.40 不是有效的地址，因为它由RFC 1918 保留
192.168.1.40 is not a valid address because it is&nbsp; reserved by RFC 1918.
C. 不可能使用相同的IP 范围进行双NAT
Double NATing is not possible using the same IP range.
正确
D. 上行系统不能解封装他的数据包，需要使用PAT 来代替
The upstream system is unable to de-encapsulate his packets and he needs to use PAT instead.


42. Chris 被要求选择PEAP和LEAP中的一个，来进行无线身份验证。他应该选择什么，为什么？
Chris has been asked to choose between implementing PEAP and LEAP for wireless authentication. What should he choose, and why?

A. LEAP，因为它修复了TKIP 的问题，导致更强的安全性
LEAP, because it fixes problems with TKIP, resulting in stronger security
B. PEAP，因为它使用CCMP 实现安全性
PEAP, because it implements CCMP for security
C. LEAP，因为它使用EAP-TLS 实现端到端会话加密
LEAP, because it implements EAP-TLS for end-to-end session encryption
D. PEAP，因为它可通过封装EAP 方法提供一个TLS 隧道，来保护整个会话
PEAP, because it can provide a TLS tunnel that&nbsp; encapsulates EAP methods, protecting the entire session
正确


43. Windows 中的ipconfig 命令显示了以下信息：BC-5F-F4-7B-4B-7D，这些信息描述了什么？从其中可以收集到什么信息？
The Windows ipconfig command displays the following information: BC-5F-F4-7B-4B-7D，What term describes this, and what information can usually be gathered from it?

A. IP 地址，系统的网络位置
The IP address, the network location of the system
B. MAC 地址，网络接口卡的制造商
The MAC address, the network interface card&rsquo;s&nbsp; manufacturer
正确
C. MAC 地址，使用的介质类型
The MAC address, the media type in use
D. IPv6 客户端ID，网络接口卡的制造商
The IPv6 client ID, the network interface card&rsquo;s&nbsp; manufacturer


44. 分段、序列和错误检查都发生在与SSL、TLS 和UDP 相关联的OSI 模型的第几层？
Segmentation, sequencing, and error checking all occur at what layer of the OSI model that is associated with SSL, TLS, and UDP?

A. 传输层
The Transport layer
正确
B. 网络层
The Network layer
C. 会话层
The Session layer
D. 表示层
The Presentation layer


45. 如果你的组织需要允许使用电子邮件中的附件来支持关键业务流程，那么有助于避免附件引起的安全问题的两个最佳选择是什么？
If your organization needs to allow attachments in email to support critical business processes, what are the two best options for helping to avoid security problems caused by attachments?

A. 培训你的用户，并使用反恶意软件工具
Train your users and use antimalware tools.
正确
B. 加密你的电子邮件，并使用反恶意软件工具
Encrypt your email and use antimalware tools.
C. 培训你的用户，并要求其对所有电子邮件都使用S/MIME
Train your users and require S/MIME for all email.
D. 默认使用S/MIME，并删除所有ZIP(.zip)附件
Use S/MIME by default and remove all ZIP (.zip) file&nbsp; attachments.


46. Ben 正在设计一个Wi-Fi网络，并被要求为网络做出最安全的选择。他应该选择哪种无线安全标准？
Ben is designing a Wi-Fi network and has been asked to choose the most secure option for the network. Which wireless security standard should he choose?

A. WPA2
WPA2
正确
B. WPA
WPA
C. WEP
WEP
D. AES
AES


47. OSI 的哪层包括电气规范、协议和接口标准？
Which OSI layer includes electrical specifications, protocols, and interface standards?

A. 传输层
The Transport layer
B. 设备层
The Device layer
C. 物理层
The Physical layer
正确
D. 数据链路层
The Data Link layer


48. 什么网络技术被最佳地描述为一个令牌传递网络，它使用一对环路，流量反向流动？
What network technology is best described as a token-passing network that uses a pair of rings with traffic flowing in opposite directions?

A. 环型拓扑
A ring topology
B. 令牌环
Token Ring
C. FDDI
FDDI
正确
D. SONET
SONET


49. &nbsp;有四种常见的VPN 协议。下面哪一组包含所有常见的VPN 协议？
There are four common VPN protocols. Which group listed contains all of the common VPN protocols?

A. PPTP、LTP、L2TP、IPsec
PPTP, LTP, L2TP, IPsec
B. PPP、L2TP、IPsec、VNC
PPP, L2TP, IPsec, VNC
C. PPTP、L2F、L2TP、IPsec
PPTP, L2F, L2TP, IPsec
正确
D. PPTP、L2TP、IPsec、SPAP
PPTP, L2TP, IPsec, SPAP


50. &nbsp;以下哪个选项包括OSI 模型的第6 层中存在的标准或协议？
Which of the following options includes standards or protocols that exist in layer 6 of the OSI model?

A. NFS、SQL 和RPC
NFS, SQL, and RPC
B. TCP、UDP 和TLS
TCP, UDP, and TLS
C. JPEG、ASCII 和MIDI
JPEG, ASCII, and MIDI
正确
D. HTTP、FTP、SMTP
HTTP, FTP, and SMTP


51. bluesnarfing攻击的目标是什么？
What does a bluesnarfing attack target?

A. IBM 系统上的数据
Data on IBM systems
B. 通过蓝牙的出站电话呼叫
An outbound phone call via Bluetooth
C. 802.11b 网络
802.11b networks
D. 来自启用了蓝牙的设备的数据
Data from a Bluetooth-enabled device
正确


52. SPIT 攻击目标是什么技术？
SPIT attacks target what technology?

A. 虚拟化平台
Virtualization platforms
B. 网络服务
Web services
C. VoIP 系统
VoIP systems
正确
D. 安全过程内部传输
Secure Process Internal Transfers


53. &nbsp;Jim的远程站点只能选择ISDN连接方式。他应该寻找什么类型的ISDN来获得最大速度？
Jim is building the network for a remote site that only has ISDN as an option for connectivity. What type of ISDN should he look for to get the maximum speed possible?

A. BRI
BRI
B. BPRI
BPRI
C. PRI
PRI
正确
D. D通道
D channel


54. &nbsp;Ben 已经部署了1000Base-T 1G 的网络，并且需要向另一栋建筑物布放电缆。如果Ben 直接从交换机到该建筑物中的另一个交换机布放链路，那么根据1000Base-T规范，Ben 可以覆盖的最大距离是多少？
Ben has deployed a 1000BaseT 1 gigabit network and needs to run a cable to another building. If Ben is running his link directly from a switch to another switch in that building, what is the maximum distance Ben can cover according to the 1000BaseT specification?

A. 2 公里
2 kilometers
B. 500 米
500 meters
C. 185 米
185 meters
D. 100 米
100 meters
正确


55. Lauren 希望在其网络上提供基于端口的身份验证，来确保客户端在使用网络之前进行身份验证。什么技术是这种需求的适当解决方案？
Lauren wants to provide port-based authentication on her network to ensure that clients must authenticate before using the network. What technology is an appropriate solution for this requirement?

A. 802.11a
802.11a
B. 802.3
802.3
C. 802.15.1
802.15.1
D. 802.1x
802.1x
正确


56. &nbsp;Lauren使用ping工具检查远程系统是否开启以及是否可作为渗透测试实践的一部分。如果她想要通过协议过滤找出ping，应该从数据包嗅探日志中过滤出什么协议？
Lauren uses the ping utility to check whether a remote system is up as part of a penetration testing exercise. If she does not want to see her own ping packets, what protocol should she filter out from her packet sniffer&rsquo;s logs?

A. UDP
UDP
B. TCP
TCP
C. IP
IP
D. ICMP
ICMP
正确


57. &nbsp;SMTP、HTTP 和SNMP都运行在OSI 模型的第几层？
SMTP, HTTP, and SNMP all occur at what layer of the OSI model?

A. 第4 层
Layer 4
B. 第5 层
Layer 5
C. 第6 层
Layer 6
D. 第7 层
Layer 7
正确


58. &nbsp;Jim对大型组织传统PBX的审计显示：直接拨入系统访问(DISA)被第三方滥用。什么原因最可能导致这个问题？
Jim&rsquo;s audit of a large organization&rsquo;s traditional PBX showed that Direct Inward System Access (DISA) was being abused by third parties. What issue is most likely to lead to this problem?

A. PBX 没有完全打补丁
The PBX was not fully patched.
B. 拨入modem线路使用未发布的号码
The dial-in modem lines use unpublished numbers.
C. DISA设置为只允许本地通话
DISA is set up to only allow local calls.
D. 一个或多个用户访问代码已被破坏
One or more users&rsquo; access codes have been compromised.
正确


59. Sue把她的MAC地址修改为使用MAC过滤提供安全网络上允许的MAC地址。Sue 使用的技术是什么，她的行为会导致什么非安全问题？
Sue modifies her MAC address to one that is allowed on a network that uses MAC filtering to provide security. What is the technique Sue used, and what non-security issue could her actions cause?

A. 广播域利用，地址冲突
Broadcast domain exploit, address conflict
B. 欺骗，令牌丢失
Spoofing, token loss
C. 欺骗，地址冲突
Spoofing, address conflict
正确
D. 冒充EUI 创建，令牌丢失
Sham EUI creation, token loss


60. 在渗透测试期间，Susan 的一种攻击包含将伪造的ARP 数据插入系统的ARP 缓存中。当系统尝试将流量发送到它认为属于合法系统的地址时，会将该流量发送到Susan控制的系统。这种攻击是什么？
One of Susan&rsquo;s attacks during a penetration test involves inserting false ARP data into a system&rsquo;s ARP cache. When the system attempts to send traffic to the address it believes belongs to a legitimate system, it will instead send that traffic to a system she controls. What is this attack called?

A. ARP 洪泛
RARP flooding
B. ARP 缓存中毒
ARP cache poisoning
正确
C. ARP 拒绝攻击
A denial of ARP attack
D. ARP 缓冲破坏
ARP buffer blasting


61. DARPA TCP/IP模型应用层匹配了OSI模型哪三层？
The DARPA TCP/IP model&rsquo;s Application layer matches up to what three OSI model layers?

A. 应用、表示和传输
Application, Presentation, and Transport.
B. 表示、会话和传输
Presentation, Session, and Transport.
C. 应用、表示和会话
Application, Presentation, and Session.
正确
D. 没有直接匹配。TCP模型是在OSI模型之前创建的
There is not a direct match. The TCP model was created before the OSI model.


62. 作为信息安全专业人员，Susan 被要求确定组织的无线网络中可供访问的区域，即使这个区域是无意的。Susan 应该怎样确定组织的无线网络的哪些部分可访问？
In her role as an information security professional, Susan has been asked to identify areas where her organization&rsquo;s wireless network may be accessible even though it isn&rsquo;t intended to be. What should Susan do to determine where her organization&rsquo;s wireless network is accessible?

A. 现场调查
A site survey
正确
B. 战争漫步
Warwalking
C. 战争驾驶
Wardriving
D. 设计地图
A design map


63. Chris 在旅行时使用蜂窝热点(modem)来接入互联网。如果他忘了热点正连接着自己的PC，而他的PC 在他的组织企业网络内，可能会引起什么安全问题？
Chris uses a cellular hot spot (modem) to provide internet access when he is traveling. If he leaves the hot spot connected to his PC while his PC is on his organization&rsquo;s corporate network, what security issue might he cause?

A. 流量可能无法正确路由，暴露敏感数据
Traffic may not be routed properly, exposing sensitive data.
B. 他的系统可充当从互联网到本地网络的网桥
His system may act as a bridge from the internet to the local network.
正确
C. 他的系统可能为反射DDoS 攻击提供入口
His system may be a portal for a reflected DDoS attack.
D. 如果出现安全问题，安全管理员可能无法确定其IP 地址
Security administrators may not be able to determine his IP address if a security issue occurs.


64. 当允许多层协议时，下列哪个缺点是令人担心的？
Which of the following drawbacks is a concern when multilayer protocols are allowed?

A. 协议的范围可用在较高的层
A range of protocols may be used at higher layers.
B. 会有隐蔽通道
Covert channels are allowed.
正确
C. 不能绕过过滤器
Filters cannot be bypassed.
D. 加密不能融入多层协议
Encryption can&rsquo;t be incorporated at multiple layers.


65. Lauren 的组织已经使用了流行的即时消息服务多年。最近，已经提出了对即时消息的使用的关注。使用下面的图表，回答关于即时消息的问题

Lauren&rsquo;s organization has used a popular messaging service for a number of years. Recently, concerns have been raised about the use of messaging. Using the following diagram


66. Chris 正在建造一个以太网网络，并且他知道需要1000Base-T 网络跨越150 米的距离。他应该使用什么网络技术来满足这种需求？
Chris is building an Ethernet network and knows that he needs to span a distance of more than 150 meters with his 1000BaseT network. What network technology should he use to help with this?

A. 在100 米之前安装中继器或集中器
Install a repeater or a concentrator before 100 meters.
正确
B. 使用7 类电缆，具有更高的速度和更好的屏蔽
Use Category 7 cable, which has better shielding for higher speeds.
C. 安装网关来处理距离
Install a gateway to handle the distance.
D. 使用STP 电缆在高速下处理更长的距离
Use STP cable to handle the longer distance at high speeds.


67. 以下哪项是一种融合协议，允许通过TCP进行存储加载，并且经常使用低成本的方案替代光纤通道？
Which of the following is a converged protocol that allows storage mounts over TCP, and which is frequently used as a lower-cost alternative to Fibre Channel?

A. MPLS
MPLS
B. SDN
SDN
C. VoIP
VoIP
D. iSCSI
iSCSI
正确


68. &nbsp;地址解析协议(ARP)和反向地址解析协议(RARP)运作在OSI 模型的第几层？
The Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) and the Reverse Address Resolution Protocol (RARP) operate at what layer of the OSI model?

A. 第1层
Layer 1
B. 第2层
Layer 2
正确
C. 第3层
Layer 3
D. 第4层
Layer 4


69. 802.11n 使用什么速度和频率范围？
What speed and frequency range is used by 802.11n?

A. 54 Mbps，5GHz
54 Mbps, 5 GHz
B. 200Mbps，5GHz
200+ Mbps, 5GHz
C. 200+ Mbps，2.4GHz 和5GHz
200+ Mbps, 2.4 and 5 GHz
正确
D. 1Gbps，5GHz
1 Gbps, 5 GHz


70. &nbsp;Arnold从最终用户那里收到报告，报告称他们的互联网连接速度非常慢。他查看了防火墙，并确定每秒有来自世界各地的数千个异常的入站连接。最有可能发生哪种类型的攻击？
Arnold is receiving reports from end users that their internet connections are extremely slow. He looks at the firewall and determines that there are thousands of unexpected inbound connections per second arriving from all over the world. What type of attack is most likely occurring?

A. 蠕虫
A worm
B. 拒绝服务攻击
A denial of service attack
正确
C. 病毒
A virus
D. Smurf 攻击
A smurf attack


71. WEP 使用哪种类型的密钥加密无线通信？
What type of key does WEP use to encrypt wireless communications?

A. 非对称密钥
An asymmetric key
B. 每个主机的唯一密钥集
Unique key sets for each host
C. 预定义的共享静态密钥
A predefined shared static key
正确
D. 每个主机的唯一非对称密钥
Unique asymmetric keys for each host


72. 在安全评估期间，Jim发现他所在的组织正在使用多层协议来处理SCADA系统，并近期将SCADA 网络连接到组织的其余生产网络。关于通过TCP/IP 传输串行数据，他应该提升对什么的关注？
During a security assessment, Jim discovers that the organization he is working with uses a multilayer protocol to handle SCADA systems and recently connected the SCADA network to the rest of the organization&rsquo;s production network. What concern should he raise about serial data transfers carried via TCP/IP?

A. 近期连接到网络的SCADA 设备，现在通过网络会被攻击
SCADA devices that are now connected to the network can now be attacked over the network.
正确
B. 通过TCP/IP 的串行数据不能加密
Serial data over TCP/IP cannot be encrypted.
C. 串行数据不能在TCP 包中承载
Serial data cannot be carried in TCP packets.
D. TCP/IP 的吞吐量容易对串行设备产生拒绝服务攻击
TCP/IP&rsquo;s throughput can allow for easy denial of service attacks against serial devices.


73. 哪种电子邮件安全解决方案提供下面两种主要使用模式：(1)提供完整性、发件人身份验证和不可否认性的签名邮件；和(2)提供完整性、发送者身份验证和保密性的信封消息模式？
Which email security solution provides two major usage modes: (1) signed messages that provide integrity, sender authentication, and nonrepudiation; and (2) an enveloped message mode that provides integrity, sender authentication, and confidentiality?

A. S/MIME
S/MIME
正确
B. MOSS
MOSS
C. PEM
PEM
D. DKIM
DKIM


74. Chris 正在为他的组织设计分层的网络安全。使用下面的图表，请回答下面3个问题。

Chris is designing layered network security for his organization. Using the following diagram


75. 下图中显示了什么网络拓扑？

&nbsp;What network topology is shown in the following image?

A. 环型
A ring
正确
B. 总线
A bus
C. 星型
A star
D. 网状
&nbsp;A mesh


76. 将以下每一个数字编号的TCP端口与字母标识的协议相匹配：
TCP端口
1. 23
2. 25
3. 143
4. 515
协议
A. SMTP
B. LPD
C. IMAP
D. Telnet
Match each of the numbered TCP ports listed with the associated lettered protocol provided:
TCP ports
1. 23
2. 25
3. 143
4. 515
Protocols
A. SMTP
B. LPD
C. IMAP
D. Telnet

A. 看答案
正确
B. 不看答案


77. 将桌面PC 上显示的内容复制到远程计算机的远程访问工具是什么类型技术的示例？
A remote access tool that copies what is displayed on a desktop PC to a remote computer is an example of what type of technology?

A. 远程节点操作
Remote node operation
B. 屏幕抓取
Screen scraping
正确
C. 远程控制
Remote control
D. RDP
RDP


78. 在故障排除期间，Chris 使用nslookup 命令检查他尝试连接的主机的IP 地址。他在响应中看到的IP 不是在查找完成时应该解析的IP。这可能产生了什么类型的攻击？
During troubleshooting, Chris uses the nslookup command to check the IP address of a host he is attempting to connect to. The IP he sees in the response is not the IP that should resolve when the lookup is done. What type of attack has likely been conducted?

A. DNS 欺骗
DNS spoofing
B. DNS 中毒
DNS poisoning
正确
C. ARP 欺骗
ARP spoofing
D. Cain 攻击
A Cain attack


79. &nbsp;什么网络工具可以用来保护客户端的身份，同时通过接受客户端请求，更改请求的源地址，将请求映射到客户端以及将修改的请求发送到它们的目标来提供互联网访问？
What network tool can be used to protect the identity of clients while providing Internet access by accepting client requests, altering the source addresses of the requests, mapping requests to clients, and sending the modified requests out to their destination?

A. 网关
A gateway
B. 代理
A proxy
正确
C. 路由器
A router
D. 防火墙
A firewall


80. Ben已将其网络配置为不广播SSID。为什么 Ben可禁用SSID广播，如何发现他的SSID？
Ben has configured his network to not broadcast an SSID. Why might Ben disable SSID broadcast, and how could his SSID be discovered?

A. 禁用SSID 广播可防止攻击者发现加密密钥。SSID 可从解密的分组中恢复
Disabling SSID broadcast prevents attackers from discovering the encryption key. The SSID can be recovered from decrypted packets.
B. 禁用SSID 广播可对未授权人员隐藏网络。SSID 可使用无线嗅探器发现
Disabling SSID broadcast hides networks from unauthorized personnel. The SSID can be discovered using a wireless sniffer.
正确
C. 禁用SSID 广播可防止信标帧出现问题。可通过重建BSSID 来恢复
SSIDDisabling SSID broadcast prevents issues with beacon frames. The SSID can be recovered by reconstructing the&nbsp; BSSID.
D. 禁用SSID 广播有助于避免SSID 冲突。可通过尝试连接到网络来发现
SSIDDisabling SSID broadcast helps avoid SSID conflicts. The SSID can be discovered by attempting to connect to&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;the network.


81. Susan正在部署路由协议，这些协议使用度量来维护一个目标网络清单，这个度量包括到它们的距离跳数以及应当向它们发送的向量流量。她使用了什么类型的协议？
Susan is deploying a routing protocol that maintains a list of destination networks with metrics that include the distance in hops to them and the direction traffic should be sent to them. What type of protocol is she using?

A. 链路状态协议
A link-state protocol
B. 链路距离协议
A link-distance protocol
C. 目的度量协议
A destination metric protocol
D. 距离矢量协议
A distance-vector protocol
正确


82. 下列哪种协议通常用于为VPN提供后端身份验证服务？
Which one of the following protocols is commonly used to provide backend authentication services for a VPN?

A. HTTPS
HTTPS
B. RADIUS
RADIUS
正确
C. ESP
ESP
D. AH
AH


83. 哪种身份验证协议通常用于PPP 链路来加密用户名和密码，并使用无法重放的质询/响应对话框，以及在会话中通过这样的使用来定期重新对远程系统进行身份验证？
Brian is selecting an authentication protocol for a PPP connection. He would like to select an option that encrypts both usernames and passwords and protects against replay using a challenge/response dialog. He would also like to reauthenticate remote systems periodically. Which protocol should he use?

A. PAP
PAP
B. CHAP
CHAP
正确
C. EAP
EAP
D. LEAP
LEAP


84. FHSS、DSSS 和OFDM 都使用了什么无线通信，可以在同一时间多个频率上进行发送？
FHSS, DSSS, and OFDM all use what wireless communication method that occurs over multiple frequencies simultaneously?

A. Wi-Fi
WiFi
B. 扩频
Spread Spectrum
正确
C. 复用
Multiplexing
D. 正交频分
Orthogonal modulation


85. Chris正在配置IDS来监控未加密的FTP流量。Chris应该在他的配置中使用什么端口？
Chris is configuring an IDS to monitor for unencrypted FTP traffic. What ports should Chris use in his configuration?

A. TCP 20 和21
TCP 20 and 21
正确
B. 仅TCP 21
TCP 21 only
C. UDP 端口69
UDP port 69
D. TCP 端口21 和UDP 端口21
TCP port 21 and UDP port 21


86. Gary 正在部署无线网络，并希望部署尽可能最快的无线技术。在下面列出的802.11标准中，哪个是最快的2.4GHz 选择？
Gary is deploying a wireless network and wants to deploy the fastest possible wireless technology. Due to technical constraints, he is limited to using a 2.4 GHz option. Which one of the following wireless networking standards should he use?

A. 802.11a
802.11a
B. 802.11g
802.11g
C. 802.11n
802.11n
正确
D. 802.11ac
802.11ac


87. Sarah正在手动审核TCP流量的包捕获，并发现系统在短时间内重复发送的TCP包中设置了RST 标志。这个标志在TCP 包头中是什么意思？
Sarah is manually reviewing a packet capture of TCP traffic and finds that a system is setting the RST flag in the TCP packets it sends repeatedly during a short period of time. What does this flag mean in the TCP packet header?

A. RST 标志表示Rest。服务器需要流量暂时暂停
RST flags mean &ldquo;Rest.&rdquo; The server needs traffic to briefly pause.
B. RST 标志表示Relay-set。包将被转发到包中设置的地址
RST flags mean &ldquo;Relay-set.&rdquo; The packets will be forwarded to the address set in the packet.
C. RST 标志表示Resume Standard。通信将恢复其正常格式
RST flags mean &ldquo;Resume Standard.&rdquo; Communications will resume in their normal format.
D. RST 表示Reset。TCP 会话将被断开连接
RST means &ldquo;Reset.&rdquo; The TCP session will be disconnected
正确


88. Lauren和Nick的PC同时通过传输发送流量。哪个网络名词描述了可能受同一问题影响的网络上的系统范围？
Lauren&rsquo;s and Nick&rsquo;s PCs simultaneously send traffic by transmitting at the same time. What network term describes the range of systems on a network that could be affected by this same issue?

A. 子网
The subnet
B. 超网
The supernet
C. 冲突域
A collision domain
正确
D. 广播域
A broadcast domain


89. Ben使用802.11g连接将他的笔记本电脑连接到平板电脑上。他使用什么无线网络模式连接这些设备？
Ben has connected his laptop to his tablet PC using an 802.11g connection. What wireless network mode has he used to connect these devices?

A. 基础设施模式
Infrastructure mode
B. 有线扩展模式
Wired extension mode
C. Ad hoc 模式
Ad hoc mode
正确
D. Stand-alone 模式
Stand-alone mode


90. 在无线网络的安全评估期间，Jim发现LEAP用在使用了WPA的网络上。Jim应该做什么建议？
During a security assessment of a wireless network, Jim discovers that LEAP is in use on a network using WPA. What recommendation should Jim make?

A. 继续使用LEAP。它为WPA网络提供了比TKIP更好的安全性
Continue to use LEAP. It provides better security than TKIP for WPA networks.
B. 使用替代协议(如PEAP或EAP-TLS)，如果支持，则实施WPA2
Use an alternate protocol like PEAP or EAP-TLS and implement WPA2 if supported.
正确
C. 继续使用LEAP来避免身份认证问题，但迁移到WPA2
Continue to use LEAP to avoid authentication issues, but move to WPA2.
D. 使用替代协议(如PEAP或EAP-TLS)，并实现有线等效隐私，避免无线安全问题
Use an alternate protocol like PEAP or EAP-TLS, and implement Wired Equivalent Privacy to avoid wireless security issues.


