1. 请为下列数字标记的服务组织控制（SOC）等级，匹配与之对应SOC报告定义
SOC等级：
1. SOC 1，Type 1
2. SOC 1, Type 2
3. SOC 2
4. SOC 3
SOC报表描述：
A. 一般性报告，包括合规与/或运营相关的控制
B. 报告为机密性、可用性、完整性、系统隐私性，及系统所含信息的相关控制提供了预配的标准基准；一般用于限制使用；
C. 报告针对受服务组织流程影响的财务报表方面的重大错报提供风险评估，并包含服务审计员内控测试的描述、结果，及其有效性。
D．报告提供了审计员对于服务组织控制的财务声明的意见，并包含包括对服务组织系统的表述意见以及控制的适宜性的报告
&nbsp;Match the following numbered Service Organization Control (SOC) levels to their matching lettered SOC report descriptions:
SOC levels
1. SOC 1, Type 1
2. SOC 1, Type 2
3. SOC 2
4. SOC 3
SOC report descriptions
A. A general use report that reports on controls related to compliance and/or operations 
B. A report that provides predefined, standard benchmarks for controls involving confidentiality, availability, integrity, and privacy of a system and the information it contains, generally for restricted use
C. A report that provides an assessment of the risk of material misstatement of financial statement assertions affected by the service organization&rsquo;s processing and that includes a description of the service auditor&rsquo;s tests of the controls and the results of the tests and their effectiveness
D. A report that provides the auditor&rsquo;s opinions of financial statements about controls at the service organization and that includes a report on the opinion on the presentation of the service organization&rsquo;s system as well as suitability of the controls

A. 看答案
正确
B. 不看答案


2. 参考以下场景，回答3个问题 ：
Alejandro是一家大型公司的事故响应分析师。他的上班时间是午夜，一个入侵检测系统发出警报，公司的一个关键信息系统可能遭受暴力密码攻击。他在采取任何其他行动之前执行事件的初步分类。
Alejandro is an incident response analyst for a large corporation. He is on the midnight shift when an intrusion detection system alerts him to a potential brute-force password attack against one of the company&rsquo;s critical information systems. He performs an initial triage of the event before taking any additional action.

3. 参考以下场景，回答3个问题 ：
Kim是飞机系统公司(ASI)的数据库安全管理员。ASI是从事飞机航空电子系统设计和分析的军事承包商，代表政府和其他政府承包商定期处理分类信息。Kim关注确保ASI数据库中存储的信息的安全性。
Kim的数据库是一个多级安全数据库，不同的ASI员工有不同的安全许可。数据库包含关于使用ASI系统的军用飞机的位置的信息，以允许ASI工作人员监控这些系统。
Kim is the database security administrator for Aircraft Systems, Inc. (ASI). ASI is a military contractor engaged in the design and analysis of aircraft avionics systemsand regularly handles classified information on behalf of the government and other government contractors. Kim is concerned about ensuring the security of information stored in ASI databases.
Kim&rsquo;s database is a multilevel security database, and different ASI employees have different security clearances. The database contains information on the location of military aircraft containing ASI systems to allow ASI staff to monitor those systems.

4. 什么安全控制可用于实施双人控制？
What security control may be used to implement a concept known as two-person control?

A. 强制休假
Mandatory vacation
B. 职责分离
Separation of duties
正确
C. 最低特权
Least privilege
D. 深入防御
Defense in depth


5. 当Jim 进入其组织的数据中心时，他必须使用智能卡和密码进入，先通过第一组门，接着第一组门关闭，然后他必须再次使用他的卡通过第二组门。这是什么类型的控制，它叫什么？
When Jim enters his organization&rsquo;s data center, he has to use a smart card and code to enter and is allowed through one set of doors. The first set of doors closes, and he must then use his card again to get through a second set, which locks behind him. What type of control is this, and what is it called?

A. 物理控制；单向活板门
A physical control; a one-way trapdoor
B. 逻辑控制；双刷卡授权
A logical control; a dual-swipe authorization
C. 指令控制；单向通道走廊
A directive control; a one-way access corridor
D. 预防性访问控制；陷门
A preventive access control; a mantrap
正确


6. 组织的应急响应指南应包括以下哪个组成部分？
Which one of the following components should be included in an organization&rsquo;s emergency response guidelines?

A. 第一反应者的备选反应程序
Secondary response procedures for first responders
正确
B. 长期业务连续性协议
Long-term business continuity protocols
C. 组织冷站点的活动程序
Activation procedures for the organization&rsquo;s cold sites
D. 订购设备的联系信息
Contact information for ordering equipment


7. 能够存储和生成密码、提供日志记录和审计功能以及支持密码的检入和检出属于下列哪类系统的特征？
The ability to store and generate passwords, provide logging and auditing capabilities, and allow password check-in and check-out are all features of what type of system?

A. AAA
AAA
B. 凭据管理
Credential management
正确
C. 双因素身份验证
Two-factor authentication
D. Kerberos
Kerberos


8. 以下哪项控制在检测零日攻击方面最有效？
Which one of the following controls would be most effective in detecting zero-day attack attempts?

A. 基于签名的入侵检测
Signature-based intrusion detection
B. 基于异常的入侵检测
Anomaly-based intrusion detection
正确
C. 强大的补丁管理
Strong patch management
D. 全盘加密
Full-disk encryption


9. 根据NIST SP800-53A&ldquo;联邦信息系统安全控制评估指南&rdquo;的建议，哪组评估方法与机制和活动相关？
What type of assessment methods are associated with mechanisms and activities based on the recommendations of NIST SP800-53A, the Guide for Assessing Security Controls in Federal Information Systems?

A. 检查和访谈
Examine and interview
B. 测试和评估
Test and assess
C. 测试和访谈
Test and interview
D. 检查和测试
Examine and test
正确


10. 密码散列中使用的盐应该是什么样的？
What should be true for salts used in password hashes?

A. 应设置单个盐，以便根据需要对密码进行散列
A single salt should be set so passwords can be de-hashed as needed.
B. 应使用单个盐，因此原始盐可用于检查其散列值的密码
A single salt should be used so the original salt can be used to check passwords against their hash.
C. 每个用户都应储存独特的盐
Unique salts should be stored for each user
正确
D. 每次用户登录时都应创建唯一的盐
Unique salts should be created every time a user logs in.


11. 哪些个人承担数据保护任务的最终责任？
Which individual bears the ultimate responsibility for data protection tasks?

A. 数据所有者
Data owner
正确
B. 数据监管者
Data custodian
C. 用户
User
D. 审计员
Auditor


12. Doug正在选择一个软件开发生命周期模型，用于开发新业务应用程序。他有非常明确的要求，并希望选择一种早期强调开发全面文件的方法。他不需要生产快速原型或迭代改进。哪种模型最适合这种情况？
Doug is choosing a software development life-cycle model for use in a project he is leading to develop a new business application. He has very clearly defined requirements and would like to choose an approach that places an early emphasis on developing comprehensive documentation. He does not have a need for the production of rapid prototypes or iterative improvement. Which model is most appropriate for this scenario?

A. 敏捷
Agile
B. 瀑布
Waterfall
正确
C. 螺旋
Spiral
D. DevOps
DevOps


13. Kim希望创建一个强制实施数据库参照完整性的密钥。她需要创建什么类型的密钥？
Kim would like to create a key that enforces referential integrity for the database. What type of key does she need to create?

A. 主键
Primary key
B. 外键
Foreign key
正确
C. 候选键
Candidate key
D. 主密钥
Master key


14. &nbsp;Bethany收到了一个同事的电子邮件，其中有一个不寻常的附件，名为smime.p7s，她没见过该附件，也不知道该怎么办。该附件最可能是什么？
Bethany received an email from one of her colleagues with an unusual attachment named smime.p7s. She does not recognize the attachment and is unsure what to do. What is the most likely scenario?

A. 这是一封加密的电子邮件
This is an encrypted email message.
正确
B. 这是一个网络钓鱼攻击
This is a phishing attack.
C. 这是嵌入式恶意软件
This is embedded malware.
D. 这是一个欺骗攻击
This is a spoofing attack.


15. 在事故响应过程的哪个阶段，管理员设计新的安全控制来防止事故再次发生？
During which phase of the incident response process would administrators design new security controls intended to prevent a recurrence of the incident?

A. 报告
Reporting
B. 恢复
Recovery
C. 修复
Remediation
正确
D. 经验教训
Lessons Learned


16. BCP流程的目标是什么？
What is the goal of the BCP process?

A. RTO <MTD
RTO < MTD
正确
B. MTD <RTO
MTD < RTO
C. RPO <MTD
RPO < MTD
D. MTD <RPO
MTD < RPO


17. 什么类型的策略描述了数据在销毁前保存多长时间？
What type of policy describes how long data is kept before destruction?

A. 分类
Classification
B. 审计
Audit
C. 记录保留
Record retention
正确
D. 可用性
Availability


18. &nbsp;Brenda 组织的订单处理应用程序是基于Web 的，在数据泄露后，她分析了Web服务器日志。她在日志文件中找到一个条目，用户在下订单时输入了以下信息作为他的姓氏：Smith&rsquo;; DROP TABLE orders; --该用户在尝试什么类型的攻击？
Brenda is analyzing the web server logs after a successful compromise of her organization&rsquo;s web-based order processing application. She finds an entry in the log file showing that a user entered the following information as his last name when placing an order:Smith&rsquo;; DROP TABLE orders; --What type of attack was attempted?

A. 缓冲区溢出
Buffer overflow
B. 跨站点脚本
Cross-site scripting
C. 跨站点请求伪造
Cross-site request forgery
D. SQL 注入
SQL injection
正确


19. 确保电子邮件机密性的最佳方式是什么？
What is the best way to ensure email confidentiality in motion?

A. 在客户端和服务器之间使用
TLSUse TLS between the client and server.
B. 在客户端和服务器之间使用
SSLUse SSL between the client and server.
C. 加密电子邮件内容
Encrypt the email content.
正确
D. 使用数字签名
Use a digital signature.


20. 下列哪一项不属于刑法？
Which one of the following is not an example of criminal law?

A. Gramm Leach Bliley法
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
正确
B. 计算机欺诈和滥用法
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
C. 电子通信隐私法
Electronic Communications Privacy Act
D. 身份盗窃和假设威慑法
Identity Theft and Assumption Deterrence Act


21. Matthew、Richard和Christopher想要使用对称加密技术相互交换信息。他们希望确保每个人都可以私下向另一个人发送消息，而第三人无法阅读消息。他们需要多少个密钥？
Matthew, Richard, and Christopher would like to exchange messages with each other using symmetric cryptography. They want to ensure that each individual can privately send a message to another individual without the third person being able to read the message. How many keys do they need?

A. 1
1
B. 2
2
C. 3
3
正确
D. 6
6


22. Alex 确保所有工作人员签署了保密协议，以保护其组织的知识产权和数据。Alex在处理什么潜在问题？
Alex would like to ask all of his staff to sign an agreement that they will not share his organization&rsquo;s intellectual property with unauthorized individuals. What type of agreement should Alex ask employees to sign?

A. 数据过滤
SLA
B. 人员保留
NDA
正确
C. 数据泄露
OLA
D. 非专有数据共享
DLP


23. 为什么虹膜扫描优于大多数其他类型的生物识别因素？
What advantage do iris scans have over most other types of biometric factors?

A. 虹膜扫描仪更难以欺骗
Iris scanners are harder to deceive.
B. 虹膜变化没有其他因素大
Irises don&rsquo;t change as much as other factors.
正确
C. 虹膜扫描仪比其他因素更便宜
Iris scanners are cheaper than other factors.
D. 虹膜不容易轻易复制
Iris scans cannot be easily replicated.


24. 2018年初发现的bug Meltdown将内核数据暴露在用户应用空间。就x86的PC而言，该bug涉及到下列哪两环？
The Meltdown bug announced in early 2018 exposed kernel data to user application space. What two rings are these referred to as for x86 PCs?

A. 环 0 and 1
Rings 0 and 1
B. 环 1 and 2
Rings 1 and 2
C. 环 1 and 3
Rings 1 and 3
D. 环 0 and 3
Rings 0 and 3
正确


25. 以下哪个选项用于验证拨号用户使用的是预先授权的电话号码，从而避免欺骗？
What process is used to verify that a dial-up user is connecting from the phone number they are preauthorized to use in a way that avoids spoofing?

A. CallerID
CallerID
B. 回叫
Callback
正确
C. CHAP
CHAP
D. PPP
PPP


26. Ben在纽约的商业网络服务收集来自加利福尼亚州居民的个人信息。加州在线隐私保护法案要求Ben做什么？
Ben&rsquo;s New York&ndash;based commercial web service collects personal information from California residents. What does the California Online Privacy Protection Act require Ben to do to be compliant?

A. Ben必须加密他收到的所有个人数据
Ben must encrypt all personal data he receives.
B. Ben必须遵守欧盟DPD
Ben must comply with the EU GDPR.
C. Ben必须在他的网站上发布一个显眼的隐私政策
Ben must have a conspicuously posted privacy policy on his site.
正确
D. Ben必须为其网站的用户提供通知和选择
Ben must provide notice and choice for users of his website.


27. Skip需要将文件从他的PC传输到远程服务器。他应该使用什么协议，而不是FTP？
Skip needs to transfer files from his PC to a remote server. What protocol should he use instead of FTP?

A. SCP
SCP
正确
B. SSH
SSH
C. HTTP
HTTP
D. Telnet
Telnet


28. 在什么类型的可信恢复过程中，系统针对一个或多个故障类型进行恢复，而不需要管理员干预，从而可能会潜在地导致数据丢失？
In what type of trusted recovery process is the system able to recover without administrator intervention but the system may suffer some loss of data?

A. 自动恢复
Automated recovery
正确
B. 手动恢复
Manual recovery
C. 没有不当数据丢失的自动恢复
Automated recovery without undue data loss
D. 功能恢复
Function recovery


29. 以下哪个物理安全环境实现目标的优先级最高？
Which one of the following goals of physical security environments occurs first in the functional order of controls?

A. 延迟
Delay
B. 检测
Detection
C. 威慑
Deterrence
正确
D. 拒绝
Denial


30. TCP和UDP都在OSI模型的什么层运行？
TCP and UDP both operate at what layer of the OSI model?

A. 第2层
Layer 2
B. 第3层
Layer 3
C. 第4层.
Layer 4
正确
D. 第5层
Layer 5


31. 使用下列哪个公式计算测试覆盖率？
Test coverage is computed using which of the following formulas?

A. 测试的用例数量/用例总数
Number of use cases tested/total number of use cases
正确
B. 测试代码行数/代码行总数
Number of lines of code tested/total number of lines of code
C. 测试的功能数量/功能总数
Number of functions tested/total number of functions
D. 测试的条件分支数/可测试分支的总数
Number of conditional branches tested/Total number of testable branches


32. 什么类型的渗透测试提供渗透测试范围的详细信息(包括测试选用的系统)，但是测试者不能掌握系统或者网络的配置等全部信息？
What type of penetration testing provides detail on the scope of a penetration test&mdash;including items like what systems would be targeted&mdash;but does not provide full visibility into the configuration or other details of the systems or networks the penetration tester must test?

A. 晶盒测试
Crystal box
B. 白盒测试
White box
C. 黑盒测试
Black box
D. 灰盒测试
Gray box
正确


33. 购买保险属于下列哪类风险响应？
Purchasing insurance is a form of what type of risk response?

A. 转移
Transfer
正确
B. 避免
Avoid
C. 缓解
Mitigate
D. 接受
Accept


34. Linda 正在为她的组织选择灾难恢复设施，她希望尽可能保持与其他组织的独立性。她想选择一个平衡成本和恢复时间的设施，允许在宣布灾难后大约一周内激活。她应该选择什么类型的设施？
Linda is selecting a disaster recovery facility for her organization, and she wishes to retain independence from other organizations as much as possible. She would like to choose a facility that balances cost and recovery time, allowing activation in about one week after a disaster is declared. What type of facility should she choose?

A. 冷站点
Cold site
B. 暖站点
Warm site
正确
C. 互助协议
Mutual assistance agreement
D. 热站点
Hot site


35. 什么法律阻止版权持有人取消对受版权保护作品的保护机制？
What law prevents the removal of protection mechanisms placed on a copyrighted work by the copyright holder?

A. HIPAA
HIPAA
B. DMCA
DMCA
正确
C. GLBA
GLBA
D. ECPA
ECPA


36. 在事件响应过程的哪个阶段，安全专业人员对过程本身进行分析，以确定是否需要作出任何改进？
During what phase of the incident response process would security professionals analyze the process itself to determine whether any improvements are warranted?

A. 经验教训
Lessons Learned
正确
B. 修复
Remediation
C. 恢复
Recovery
D. 报告.
Reporting


37. 在对应用程序进行100%覆盖的自动功能测试后，最可能存在哪种类型的错误？
After you do automated functional testing with 100 percent coverage of an application, what type of error is most likely to remain?

A. 业务逻辑错误
Business logic errors
正确
B. 输入验证错误
Input validation errors
C. 运行时错误
Runtime errors
D. 错误处理错误
Error handling errors


38. Barry 最近收到Melody 的消息，Melody 使用对称加密法加密。Barry 使用什么密钥来解密消息？
Barry recently received a message from Melody that Melody encrypted using symmetric cryptography. What key should Barry use to decrypt the message?

A. Barry 的公钥
Barry&rsquo;s public key
B. Barry 的私钥
Barry&rsquo;s private key
C. Melody 的公钥
Melody&rsquo;s public key
D. 共享密钥
Shared secret key
正确


39. 在调查一起大范围的分布式拒绝服务攻击时，Matt在他的浏览器中输入一个攻击系统的IP，他看到了如下界面。该僵尸网络很可能是由什么类型的设备组成的？
While investigating a widespread distributed denial of service attack, Matt types in the IP address of one of the attacking systems into his browser and sees the following page. What type of devices is the botnet likely composed of?

&nbsp;

A. SCADA
SCADA
B. 云基础设施
Cloud infrastructure
C. Web服务器
Web servers
D. IoT
IoT
正确


40. 在日志审查期间，Karen发现她收集日志的系统需要具有如图所示的日志设置。Karen 可能遇到什么问题？

During a log review, Karen discovers that the system she needs to gather logs from has thelog setting shown here. What problem is Karen likely to encounter?


A. 系统中存储了过多日志数据
Too much log data will be stored on the system.
B. 系统自动清除归档日志
The system is automatically purging archived logs.
C. 日志将不包含所需的信息
The logs will not contain the information needed.
D. 日志将仅包含最近的20MB日志数据
The logs will only contain the most recent 20 MB of log data.
正确


41. 这里显示了什么代码审查流程？

What code review process is shown here?


A. 静态检查
Static inspection
B. Fagan检查
Fagan inspection
正确
C. 动态检查
Dynamic inspection
D. 接口测试
Interface testing


42. Fred发现一个数据包，他的协议分析器显示PSH和URG都被设置了。他正在看什么类型的包，这两个标志是什么意思？
Fred finds a packet that his protocol analyzer shows with both PSH and URG set. What type of packet is he looking at, and what do the flags mean?

A. UDP数据包；PSH和URG用于指示数据应当以高速发送
A UDP packet; PSH and URG are used to indicate that the data should be sent at high speed
B. TCP数据包；PSH和URG用于清除缓冲区并指示数据是紧急的
A TCP packet; PSH and URG are used to clear the buffer and indicate that the data is urgent
正确
C. TCP数据包；PSH和URG用于预置报头并指示网络的速度不受监管
A TCP packet; PSH and URG are used to preset the header and indicate that the speed of the network is unregulated
D. UDP数据包；PSH和URG用于指示应该清除UDP缓冲区，并指示数据是紧急的
A UDP packet; PSH and URG are used to indicate that the UDP buffer should be cleared and that the data is urgent


43. syslog服务通常使用那个UDP端口？
What UDP port is typically used by the syslog service?

A. 443
443
B. 514
514
正确
C. 515
515
D. 445
445


44. 什么类型的备用处理设施包括在几分钟(或几秒钟)内恢复操作所需的所有硬件和数据？
What type of alternate processing facility includes all of the hardware and data necessary to restore operations in a matter of minutes or seconds?

A. 热站点
Hot site
正确
B. 暖站点
Warm site
C. 冷站点
Cold site
D. 移动站点
Mobile site


45. 下列哪一类安全数据删除技术将包括消磁？
Which one of the following categories of secure data removal techniques would include degaussing?

A. 清理
Clear
B. 收缩
Shrink
C. 清除
Purge
正确
D. 销毁
Destroy


46. Sam是一家保险公司的安全风险分析师。他目前正在研究一种现象，黑客可能会使用SQL注入攻击来破坏Web服务器，因为公司的Web应用程序中缺少修补程序。这种情况下，漏洞是什么？
Sam is a security risk analyst for an insurance company. He is currently examining a scenario where a hacker might use a SQL injection attack to deface a web server due to a missing patch in the company&rsquo;s web application. In this scenario, what is the vulnerability?

A. 未打开的Web应用程序
Unpatched web application
正确
B. Web损毁
Web defacement
C. 黑客
Hacker
D. 操作系统
Operating system


47. IP地址201.19.7.45是什么类型的地址？
The IP address 201.19.7.45 is what type of address?

A. 公共IP地址
A public IP address
正确
B. RFC 1918地址
An RFC 1918 address
C. APIPA地址
An APIPA address
D. 环回地址
A loopback address


48. Susan的团队通过手动审查缺陷代码来执行代码分析。他们执行什么类型的分析？
Susan&rsquo;s team is performing code analysis by manually reviewing the code for flaws. What type of analysis are they performing?

A. 灰盒
Gray box
B. 静态
Static
正确
C. 动态
Dynamic
D. 模糊
Fuzzing


49. Jim希望允许合作组织的Active Directory森林(B)访问他的域森林(A)的资源，但不希望允许其域中的用户访问B的资源。他也不希望信任在形成时通过域树向上流动。他应该怎么做？
Jim wants to allow a partner organization&rsquo;s Active Directory forest (B) to access his domain forest&rsquo;s (A)&rsquo;s resources but doesn&rsquo;t want to allow users in his domain to access B&rsquo;s resources. He also does not want the trust to flow upward through the domain tree as it is formed. What should he do?

A. 建立一个双向传递信任
Set up a two-way transitive trust.
B. 建立单向传递信任
Set up a one-way transitive trust.
C. 建立单向不可转移信任
Set up a one-way nontransitive trust.
正确
D. 建立双向不可转移信任
Set up a two-way nontransitive trust.


50. 下列哪一项不是(ISC)2 道德守则的四个规范之一？
Which of the following is not one of the four canons of the (ISC)2 code of ethics?

A. 避免可能危及公正性的利益冲突
Avoid conflicts of interest that may jeopardize impartiality.
正确
B. 保护社会公共利益和维持必要的公众信任
Protect society, the common good, necessary public trust and confidence, and theinfrastructure.
C. 正直、诚实、公正、负责任和合法地行事
Act honorably, honestly, justly, responsibly, and legally.
D. 为负责人提供高效优质的服务
Provide diligent and competent service to principals.


51. Tamara最近决定购买网络安全保险，以便在发生数据泄露时支付公司的费用。她追求什么风险管理策略？
Tamara recently decided to purchase cyber-liability insurance to cover her company&rsquo;s costs in the event of a data breach. What risk management strategy is she pursuing?

A. 风险接受
Risk acceptance
B. 风险缓解
Risk mitigation
C. 风险转移
Risk transference
正确
D. 风险规避
Risk avoidance


52. Ben 需要验证他组织的关键应用程序的最新补丁没有在其他地方引入问题。Ben需要进行什么类型的测试以确保这一点？
Ben needs to verify that the most recent patch for his organization&rsquo;s critical application did not introduce issues elsewhere. What type of testing does Ben need to conduct to ensure this?

A. 单元测试
Unit testing
B. 白盒测试
White box
C. 回归测试
Regression testing
正确
D. 黑盒测试
Black box


53. 以下哪种工具最常用于身份识别，但不适用于身份验证？
Which one of the following tools is most often used for identification purposes and is not suitable for use as an authenticator?

A. 密码
Password
B. 视网膜扫描
Retinal scan
C. 用户名
Username
正确
D. 令牌
Token


54. Jim 开始了一个系统工程师的新工作，他的老板向他提供了一份题为《取证响应指南》的文件。下列哪一个陈述是不正确的？
Jim starts a new job as a system engineer, and his boss provides him with a document entitled &ldquo;Forensic Response Guidelines.&rdquo; Which one of the following statements is not true?

A. Jim 必须遵守本文档中的信息
Jim must comply with the information in this document.
正确
B. 该文件包含有关取证检查的信息
The document contains information about forensic examinations.
C. Jim 应该彻底阅读文件
Jim should read the document thoroughly.
D. 该文件可能是基于行业的最佳实践
The document is likely based on industry best practices.


55. 侵害网站的攻击者经常获取散列密码的数据库。什么技术可以最好地保护这些密码免受使用预先计算值的自动密码破解攻击？
Attackers who compromise websites often acquire databases of hashed passwords. What technique can best protect these passwords against automated password cracking attacks that use precomputed values?

A. 使用MD5 散列算法
Using the MD5 hashing algorithm
B. 使用SHA-1 散列算法
Using the SHA-1 hashing algorithm
C. 盐
Salting
正确
D. 双散列
Double-hashing


56. 什么进程为OSI 模型的每一层接收到的数据添加一个头和尾？
What process adds a header and a footer to data received at each layer of the OSI model?

A. 分配
Attribution
B. 封装
Encapsulation
正确
C. TCP 包装
TCP wrapping
D. 数据隐藏
Data hiding


57. 下列哪种攻击类型取决于精确的时间？
Which one of the following attack types depends on precise timing?

A. TOC / TOU
TOCTOU
正确
B. SQL 注入
SQL injection
C. 传递散列值
Pass the hash
D. 跨站点脚本
Cross-site scripting


58. 以下哪项不属于代码审查？
Which of the following is not a code review process?

A. 电子邮件传递
Email pass-around
B. Over the shoulder
Over the shoulder
C. 配对编程
Pair programming
D. 指定IDE
IDE forcing
正确


59. Susan担心她所使用的生物识别技术的错误接受率(FAR)。什么是处理错误接受率的最好方法？
Susan is concerned about the FAR associated with her biometric technology. What is the best method to deal with the FAR?

A. 调整交叉错误率(CER)
Adjust the CER.
B. 改变系统的灵敏度以降低错误拒绝率(FRR)
Change the sensitivity of the system to lower the FRR.
C. 添加第二个因素
Add a second factor.
正确
D. 更换生物识别系统
Replace the biometric system.


60. 当Sue在她的新公司工作时，她需要签署NDA。为什么公司要求她签署NDA？
Sue was required to sign an NDA when she took a job at her new company. Why did the company require her to sign it?

A. 保护其数据的保密性
To protect the confidentiality of their data
正确
B. 确保Sue没有删除他们的数据
To ensure that Sue did not delete their data
C. 防止Sue将来与他们直接竞争
To prevent Sue from directly competing with them in the future
D. 要求Sue确保数据的可用性
To require Sue to ensure the availability for their data as part of her job


61. 以下哪种调查类型对收集和保存信息的标准最为宽松？
Which one of the following investigation types has the loosest standards for the collection and preservation of information?

A. 民事调查
Civil investigation
B. 业务调查
Operational investigation
正确
C. 刑事调查
Criminal investigation
D. 监管调查
Regulatory investigation


62. 系统上的进程需要访问当前正由另一个进程使用的文件。进程调度程序将在什么状态下阻塞此进程，直到文件可用为止？
A process on a system needs access to a file that is currently in use by another process. What state will the process scheduler place this process in until the file becomes available?

A. 运行态
Running
B. 就绪态
Ready
C. 等待态
Waiting
正确
D. 停止态
Stopped


63. Amanda正在考虑实施一名顾问建议的数据库恢复机制。在推荐的方法中，自动过程将按小时将事务的记录从主站点移动到备份站点。顾问描述什么类型的数据库恢复技术？
Amanda is considering the implementation of a database recovery mechanism recommended by a consultant. In the recommended approach, an automated process will move records of transactions from the primary site to a backup site on an hourly basis. What type of database recovery technique is the consultant describing?

A. 电子仓库
Electronic vaulting
B. 事务日志
Transaction logging
C. 远程镜像
Remote mirroring
D. 远程日志
Remote journaling
正确


64. 参考以下场景，回答后面的4个问题 ：
Mike 和Renee 想使用非对称密码系统来相互通信。它们位于该国的不同地区，但是通过使用由相互信任的证书机构签名的数字证书来交换加密密钥。
Mike and Renee would like to use an asymmetric cryptosystem to communicate with each other. They are located in different parts of the country but have exchanged encryption keys by using digital certificates signed by a mutually trusted certificate authority.

65. 请给下列数字编号的各种电缆类型，匹配与之对应的最大线缆长度。
电缆类型：
1. 五类线
2. 同轴电缆（RG-58）
3. 光纤
最长距离：
A．500 英尺
B．300 英尺
C．1千米以上
Match each of the numbered cable types with exactly one of the lettered maximum cable lengths.
Cable type
1. Category 5e
2. Coaxial (RG-58)
3. Fiber optic
Maximum length
A. 500 feet
B. 300 feet
C. 1+ kilometers

A. 看答案
正确
B. 不看答案


66. Andrew认为属于他的组织的数字证书已被盗用，并希望将其添加到证书吊销列表中。谁必须将证书添加到CRL？
Andrew believes that a digital certificate belonging to his organization was compromised and would like to add it to a Certificate Revocation List. Who must add the certificate to the CRL?

A. Andrew
Andrew
B. 顶级域的根权限
The root authority for the top-level domain
C. 颁发证书的CA
The CA that issued the certificate
正确
D. 顶级域的撤销授权
The revocation authority for the top-level domain


67. 匿名者联盟使用的低轨离子炮(LOIC)攻击工具利用众多家用PC攻击其选定的目标。这是一个什么类型的网络攻击例子？
The Low Orbit Ion Cannon (LOIC) attack tool used by Anonymous leverages a multitude of home PCs to attack its chosen targets. This is an example of what type of network attack?

A. DDoS
DDoS
正确
B. 电离
Ionization
C. 僵尸部落
Zombie horde
D. 泪滴
Teardrop


68. Ben工作的政府机构安装了一个新的门禁系统。系统使用Ben的身份、部门、正常工作时间、工作类别和位置等信息进行授权。Ben的雇主采用什么类型的访问控制系统？
The government agency that Ben works at installed a new access control system. The system uses information such as Ben&rsquo;s identity, department, normal working hours, job category, and location to make authorization. What type of access control system did Ben&rsquo;s employer adopt?

A. 基于角色的访问控制
Role-based access control
B. 基于属性的访问控制
Attribute-based access control
正确
C. 管理访问控制
Administrative access control
D. 系统自由访问控制
System discretionary access control


69. 基于AES的CCMP和802.1x替代了作为WPA的一部分设计的哪个安全协议，以帮助解决WEP中发现的重大安全问题？
AES-based CCMP and 802.1x replaced what security protocol that was designed as part of WPA to help fix the significant security issues found in WEP?

A. TLS
TLS
B. TKIP
TKIP
正确
C. EAP
EAP
D. PEAP
PEAP


70. RIP、OSPF和BGP都是与什么类型的网络设备相关的协议的例子？
RIP, OSPF, and BGP are all examples of protocols associated with what type of network device?

A. 开关
Switches
B. 网桥
Bridges
C. 路由器
Routers
正确
D. 网关
Gateways


71. Microsoft的STRIDE威胁评估框架使用六种类别的威胁：欺骗、篡改、拒绝、信息泄露、拒绝服务和特权提升。如果渗透测试人员能够修改审核日志，哪两个STRIDE类别最能描述这个问题？
Microsoft&rsquo;s STRIDE threat assessment framework uses six categories for threats: Spoofing, Tampering, Repudiation, Information Disclosure, Denial of Service, and Elevation of Privilege. If a penetration tester is able to modify audit logs, what STRIDE categories best describe this issue?

A. 篡改和信息泄露
Tampering and information disclosure
B. 提升特权和篡改
Elevation of privilege and tampering
C. 拒绝和拒绝服务
Repudiation and denial of service
D. 否认和篡改
Repudiation and tampering
正确


72. 下列哪一种加密算法支持不可否认的目标？
Which one of the following cryptographic algorithms supports the goal of nonrepudiation?

A. Blowfish
Blowfish
B. DES
DES
C. AES
AES
D. RSA
RSA
正确


73. 单点登录如何增加安全性？
How does single sign-on increase security?

A. 减少主体所需的账户数量
It decreases the number of accounts required for a subject.
B. 它有助于降低用户写下密码的可能性
It helps decrease the likelihood that users will write down their passwords.
正确
C. 它为连接到的每个系统提供日志记录
It provides logging for each system that it is connected to.
D. 它为身份验证数据提供更好的加密
It provides better encryption for authentication data.


74. 以下哪个工具可能直接违反未加密的VoIP网络通信的机密性？
Which one of the following tools may be used to directly violate the confidentiality of communications on an unencrypted VoIP network?

A. Nmap
Nmap
B. Nessus
Nessus
C. Wireshark
Wireshark
正确
D. Nikto
Nikto


75. 哪类美国政府信息分类标签对应这样的信息：&ldquo;未授权披露通常可能会对国家安全带来可以由原分类组织识别或描述的严重损害&rdquo;
What US government classification label is applied to information that, if disclosed, could cause serious damage to national security and also requires that the damage that would be caused is able to be described or identified by the classification authority?

A. 分类
Classified
B. 秘密
Secret
正确
C. 机密
Confidential
D. 绝密
Top Secret


76. Jack 的组织是一个多国非营利组织，在世界各地许多发展中国家设有小型办事处。他们需要实现一个访问控制系统，灵活性要求高，尽管在他们的位置的互联网连接性较差，但是它们仍然可以正常工作，Jack 的组织采用的最佳访问控制设计类型是什么？
Jack&rsquo;s organization is a multinational nonprofit that has small offices in many developing countries throughout the world. They need to implement an access control system that allows flexibility and that can work despite poor Internet connectivity at their locations. What is the best type of access control design for Jack&rsquo;s organization?

A. 集中访问控制
Centralized access control
B. 强制访问控制
Mandatory access control
C. 非集中访问控制
Decentralized access control
正确
D. 基于规则的访问控制
Rule-based access control


77. Tom正在为位于佛罗里达州中部的Orange Blossoms 开展业务连续性规划工作。在评估过程中，委员会确定该地区存在降雪风险，但没有多余资金来实施控制措施以降低该风险的影响。他们选择不采取任何具体行动来应对风险。Orange Blossoms 追求什么风险管理策略？
Tom is conducting a business continuity planning effort for Orange Blossoms, a fruit orchard located in Central Florida. During the assessment process, the committee determined that there is a small risk of snow in the region but that the cost of implementing controls to reduce the impact of that risk is not warranted. They elect to not take any specific action in response to the risk. What risk management strategy is Orange Blossoms pursuing?

A. 风险缓解
Risk mitigation
B. 风险转移
Risk transference
C. 风险规避.
Risk avoidance
D. 风险接受
Risk acceptance
正确


78. Susan想整合她的网站，以允许用户使用Google等网站的账户。她应该采用什么技术？
Susan wants to integrate her website to allow users to use accounts from sites like Google. What technology should she adopt?

A. Kerberos
Kerberos
B. LDAP
LDAP
C. OpenID
OpenID
正确
D. SESAME
SESAME


79. 在以下哪个灾难恢复测试中，团队成员坐在一起，讨论对场景的响应，但实际上没有激活任何灾难恢复控制？
During which of the following disaster recovery tests does the team sit together and discuss the response to a scenario but not actually activate any disaster recovery controls?

A. 清单审核
Checklist review
B. 完全中断测试
Full interruption test
C. 并行测试
Parallel test
D. 桌面练习
Tabletop exercise
正确


80. 在下列哪种情况中，个人将不会有合理的隐私权？
In which of the following circumstances does an individual not have a reasonable expectation of privacy?

A. 用手机打电话
Placing a telephone call on your cell phone
B. 通过美国邮政寄信
Sending a letter through the US mail
C. 上班时发送电子邮件
Sending an email at work
正确
D. 查收个人的语音邮箱
Retrieving your personal voicemail


81. 攻击矢量、复杂性、利用成熟度和需要多少用户交互等度量标准在什么评分系统中用到？
Metrics like the attack vector, complexity, exploit maturity, and how much user interaction is required are all found in what scoring system?

A. CVE
CVE
B. CVSS
CVSS
正确
C. CNA
CNA
D. NVD
NVD


82. 在这里所示的环保护模型中，哪个环包含用户程序和应用程序？
In the ring protection model shown here, what ring contains user programs and applications?


A. 环0
Ring 0
B. 环1
Ring 1
C. 环2
Ring 2
D. 环3
Ring 3
正确


83. Tom认为其互联网服务提供商的客户已经利用他系统中的漏洞来读取其他客户的电子邮件。如果是真的，该客户最可能违反什么法律？
Tom believes that a customer of his Internet service provider has been exploiting a vulnerability in his system to read the email messages of other customers. If true, what law did the customer most likely violate?

A. ECPA
ECPA
正确
B. CAREA
CALEA
C. HITECH
HITECH
D. 隐私法
Privacy Act


84. Olivia 的组织中在盈利和标准化的这两个要求之间产生了重大冲突。由于Olivia这一角色的存在，她组织的工作人员无法使用该系统，导致可用性降低和利润损失。Olivia 在她的组织中最可能扮演的角色是什么？
There is a significant conflict between the drive for profit and the security requirements that Olivia&rsquo;s organization has standardized. Olivia&rsquo;s role means that decreased usability and loss of profit due to her staff&rsquo;s inability to use the system is her major concern. What is the most likely role that Olivia plays in her organization?

A. 业务经理
Business manager
B. 信息安全分析师
Information security analyst
C. 数据处理者
Data processor
D. 任务所有者
Mission owner
正确


85. 下列哪类取证调查一般具备最高的证据等级
What type of forensic investigation typically has the highest evidentiary standards?

A. 行政性的
Administrative
B. 刑事的
Criminal
正确
C. 民事的
Civil
D. 行业的
Industry


86. 通常用什么术语来描述在配置过程中初始创建用户账户？
What term is commonly used to describe initial creation of a user account in the provisioning process?

A. 注册
Enrollment
正确
B. 许可验证
Clearance verification
C. 背景检查
Background checks
D. 初始化
Initialization


87. Ed 的Windows 系统无法连接到网络，ipconfig 显示以下内容：系统发生了什么？

Ed&rsquo;s Windows system can&rsquo;t connect to the network and ipconfig shows the following:What has occurred on the system?


A. 系统被其DHCP 服务器分配了无效的IP 地址
The system has been assigned an invalid IP address by its DHCP server.
B. 系统具有手动分配的IP 地址
The system has a manually assigned IP address.
C. 系统未能获取DHCP 地址，并为自己分配了一个地址
The system has failed to get a DHCP address and has assigned itself an address.
正确
D. 子网掩码设置不正确，系统无法与网关通信
The subnet mask is set incorrectly and the system cannot communicate with the gateway.


88. Lauren 组织的每个系统管理员团队需要处理数百个具有不同安全级别要求的系统，由于这些系统具有大量用户名和密码，因此很难处理。为确保正确处理密码，同时实现日志记录和密码轮换等功能，她应该建议使用什么类型的解决方案？
Lauren&rsquo;s team of system administrators each deal with hundreds of systems with varying levels of security requirements and find it difficult to handle the multitude of usernames and passwords they each have. What type of solution should she recommend to ensure that passwords are properly handled and that features like logging and password rotation occur?

A. 凭据管理系统
A credential management system
正确
B. 强密码策略
A strong password policy
C. 职责分离
Separation of duties
D. 单点登录
Single sign-on


89. 参照以下情景回答后面的3个问题
Darcy 是Roscommon 农产品公司的信息安全风险分析师。她目前正在试图决定公司是否应为其主数据中心购买升级的灭火系统。数据中心设施的重置成本为200 万美元。
与精算师、数据中心经理和消防专家协商后，Darcy 了解到，如果发生一般火灾，那么可能需要更换建筑物内的所有设备，但不会导致重大的结构性损坏。他们一起估计，从火灾中恢复将需要75 万美元。他们还确定，该公司每50 年会发生一次这样的火灾。
Darcy is an information security risk analyst for Roscommon Agricultural Products. She is currently trying to decide whether the company should purchase an upgraded fire suppression system for their primary data center. The data center facility has a replacement cost of $2 million.

90. 当设备遇到瞬间的电力中断时，会发生什么类型的电力问题？
What type of power issue occurs when a facility experiences a momentary loss of power?

A. 故障
Fault
正确
B. 停电
Blackout
C. Sag
Sag
D. 局部暂时限定用电
Brownout


91. Fran是一个网络开发人员，为一家在线零售商工作。老板要求她采用一种方式，使得客户可以轻松地和Fran公司的网站整合起来。他们需要能够实时检查库存、下订单以及以编程方式检查订单状态，而不必访问网页。Fran可通过什么方式来直接实现这种互动？
Fran is a web developer who works for an online retailer. Her boss asked her to create a way that customers can easily integrate themselves with Fran&rsquo;s company&rsquo;s site. They need to be able to check inventory in real time, place orders, and check order status programmatically without having to access the web page. What can Fran create to most directly facilitate this interaction?

A. API
API
正确
B. Web Scraper
Web scraper
C. 数据字典
Data dictionary
D. 呼叫中心
Call center


92. 为防止API被滥用，Mike需要确保能够跟踪使用他的业务API的第三方用户。他需要实施下列哪项以达到目的？
Mike wants to ensure that third-party users of his service&rsquo;s API can be tracked to prevent abuse of the API. What should he implement to help with this?

A. Session IDs
Session IDs
B. API防火墙
An API firewall
C. API密钥
API keys
正确
D. API缓冲区
An API buffer


93. 一般来说，很少使用两个TCP 报头标志。在现代网络中，你不可能看到哪两个标志？
Two TCP header flags are rarely used. Which two are you unlikely to see in use in a modern network?

A. CWR 和ECE
CWR and ECE
正确
B. URG 和FIN
URG and FIN
C. ECE 和RST
ECE and RST
D. CWR 和URG
CWR and URG


94. 以下哪一项将被视为基础设施即服务的云计算的例子？
Which one of the following would be considered an example of infrastructure as a service cloud computing?

A. 由供应商管理并通过网络传输数据的工资系统
Payroll system managed by a vendor and delivered over the web
B. 由供应商管理的运行客户代码的应用程序平台
Application platform managed by a vendor that runs customer code
C. 由客户在供应商管理的虚拟化平台上配置的服务器
Servers provisioned by customers on a vendor-managed virtualization platform
正确
D. 供应商提供的基于网络的电子邮件服务
Web-based email service provided by a vendor


95. 授予客体的访问类型和对该客体执行的操作是什么例子？
The type of access granted to an object and the actions that you can take on or with the object are examples of what?

A. 许可
Permissions
正确
B. 权限
Rights
C. 特权
Privileges
D. 角色
Roles


96. Susan 使用span 端口来监控其网站的流量，并使用监控工具来实时识别性能问题。她执行什么类型的监控？
Susan uses a span port to monitor traffic to her production website and uses a monitoring tool to identify performance issues in real time. What type of monitoring is she conducting?

A. 被动监控
Passive monitoring
正确
B. 主动监控
Active monitoring
C. 合成监控
Synthetic monitoring
D. 基于签名的监控
Signature-based monitoring


97. Cameron 负责备份公司的主文件服务器。他配置了一个备份计划，该计划在每个星期一晚上9:00 执行完全备份，同时在一周的其他天执行增量备份。在星期三的备份中将复制多少个文件？



Cameron is responsible for backing up his company&rsquo;s primary file server. He configured a backup schedule that performs full backups every Monday evening at 9 p.m. and incremental backups on other days of the week at that same time. How many files will be copied in Wednesday&rsquo;s backup?



&nbsp;


A. 1
1
B. 2
2
正确
C. 5
5
D. 6
6


98. 在任何具体的业务连续性计划实施任务上，应接受培训人员的最低人数是多少？
What is the minimum number of people who should be trained on any specific business continuity plan implementation task?

A. 1
1
B. 2
2
正确
C. 3
3
D. 5
5


99. James在出差中被人持刀逼迫登录笔记本电脑，这种场景叫做？
While traveling, James is held at knifepoint and forced to log into his laptop. What is this called?

A. 胁迫
Duress
正确
B. 反社会工程
Antisocial engineering
C. 危难
Distress
D. 持刀劫持
Knifepoint hacking


100. 八木、面板、波导和抛物面天线都是什么类型天线的例子？
Yagis, panel, cantennas, and parabolic antennas are all examples of what type of antenna?

A. 全向
Omnidirectional
B. 橡皮鸭或基地天线
Rubber duck or base antenna
C. 信号增强
Signal boosting
D. 定向
Directional
正确


101. 与个人医疗保健在过去、现在或将来的付款有关的数据是每个HIPAA 的什么类型的数据？
Data relating to the past, present, or future payment for the provision of healthcare to an individual is what type of data per HIPAA?

A. PCI
PCI
B. 个人计费数据
Personal billing data
C. PHI
PHI
正确
D. 个人身份信息(PII)
Personally identifiable information (PII)


102. Kay 正为组织选择一种应用程序管理方法。员工需要灵活地在系统上安装软件，但Kay 希望防止他们安装某些非法的软件包。她应该使用什么类型的方法？
Kay is selecting an application management approach for her organization. Employees need the flexibility to install software on their systems, but Kay wants to prevent them from installing certain prohibited packages. What type of approach should she use?

A. 反病毒
Antivirus
B. 白名单
Whitelist
C. 黑名单
Blacklist
正确
D. 启发式
Heuristic


103. Megan需要对调查中的一个硬盘进行取证拷贝。下列哪个工具最适用于这项任务？
Megan needs to create a forensic copy of a hard drive that will be used in an investigation. Which of the following tools is best suited to her work?

A. xcopy
xcopy
B. dd
dd
正确
C. DBAN
DBAN
D. ImageMagik
ImageMagik


104. 认知密码预设问题有什么缺陷？
What flaw is a concern with preset questions for cognitive passwords?

A. 它不允许使用令牌
It prevents the use of tokens
B. 问题的答案可能很容易在互联网上找到
The question&rsquo;s answer may be easy to find on the Internet.
正确
C. 认知密码要求用户思考回答问题，并不是所有用户都能解决提出的问题
Cognitive passwords require users to think to answer the question, and not all users may be able to solve the problems presented.
D. 认知密码不支持长密码
Cognitive passwords don&rsquo;t support long passwords.


105. IP 地址(如10.10.10.10 和172.19.24.21)都是什么类型的IP地址例子？
IP addresses like 10.10.10.10 and 172.19.24.21 are both examples of what type of IP address?

A. 公共IP 地址
Public IP addresses
B. 禁止的IP 地址
Prohibited IP addresses
C. 私有的IP 地址
Private IP addresses
正确
D. B 类IP 范围
Class B IP ranges


106. Cassandra在一家机构工作了10年，现在是她第4个岗位，她是会计部的一名经理。假设该机构没有严格的账号维护习惯，那么在账户审查中可能出现下列哪类问题？
After 10 years working in her organization, Cassandra is moving into her fourth role, this time as a manager in the accounting department. What issue is likely to show up during an account review if her organization does not have strong account maintenance practices?

A. 最小特权问题
An issue with least privilege
B. 特权蠕变
Privilege creep
正确
C. 账号蠕变
Account creep
D. 账号终止
Account termination


107. Danielle正在测试税务软件，测试过程中要求她输入各种实际税务表格，以验证软件生成正确的答案。Danielle正在执行什么类型的测试？
Danielle is testing tax software, and part of her testing process requires her to input a variety of actual tax forms to verify that the software produces the right answers. What type of testing is Danielle performing?

A. 用例测试
Use case testing
正确
B. 动态测试
Dynamic testing
C. Fuzzing
Fuzzing
D. 误用测试
Misuse testing


108. 文件、数据库、计算机、程序、过程、设备和介质都是什么例子？
Files, databases, computers, programs, processes, devices, and media are all examples of what?

A. 主体
Subjects
B. 客体
Objects
正确
C. 文件存储
File stores
D. 用户
Users


109. 以下哪一项不是商业数据分类计划中常见的分类级别？
Which one of the following is not a classification level commonly found in commercial data classification schemes?

A. 秘密
Secret
正确
B. 敏感
Sensitive
C. 机密
Confidential
D. 公共
Public


110. 以下哪项访问管理概念定义了用户具有的权限？
What access management concept defines what rights or privileges a user has?

A. 标识
Identification
B. 可问责
Accountability
C. 授权
Authorization
正确
D. 身份验证
Authentication


111. Chris在对远程目标执行侦查时发现目标网络的边界防火墙允许ping。通过ping来探测远程网络，Jim能够获得什么信息？
Chris is conducting reconnaissance on a remote target and discovers that pings are allowed through his target&rsquo;s border firewall. What can he learn by using ping to probe the remote network?

A. 哪些系统响应ping请求、网络拓扑的大致结构，以及可能存在的其他防火墙的位置
Which systems respond to ping, a rough network topology, and potentially the location of additional firewalls
正确
B. 目标防火墙后所有系统的列表
A list of all of the systems behind the target&rsquo;s firewall
C. 每个可以响应ping请求的系统的主机名和生存时间（TTL），以及防火墙允许通过的ICMP类型
The hostnames and time to live (TTL) for each pingable system, and the ICMP types allowed through the firewall
D. 路由广播、请求响应，以及哪些主机可能具备限定攻击行为的安全配置
Router advertisements, echo request responses, and potentially which hosts are tarpitted


112. 在这里所示的图像中，系统B在三次TCP握手的步骤2处向系统A发送什么？

In the image shown here, what does system B send to system A at step 2 of the three-way TCP handshake?


A. SYN
SYN
B. ACK
ACK
C. FIN/ACK
FIN/ACK
D. SYN/ACK
SYN/ACK
正确


113. Ben希望自动提供关于其组织的风险暴露的预测信息，作为持续的组织风险管理计划的一部分。他应该怎么做？
Ben wants to provide predictive information about his organization&rsquo;s risk exposure in an automated way as part of an ongoing organizational risk management plan. What should he use to do this?

A. KRI
KRIs
正确
B. 定量风险评估
Quantitative risk assessments
C. KPI
KPIs
D. 渗透测试
Penetration tests


114. 以下哪一个不是软件能力成熟度模型(SW-CMM)的可重复阶段的关键过程？
Which one of the following is not a key process area for the Repeatable phase of the Software Capability Maturity Model (SW-CMM)?

A. 软件项目规划
Software Project Planning
B. 软件质量管理
Software Quality Management
正确
C. 软件项目跟踪
Software Project Tracking
D. 软件分包管理
Software Subcontract Management


115. Sally 在传输模式下使用IPSec的ESP组件。她应该了解哪些关于传输模式的重要信息？
Sally is using IPsec&rsquo;s ESP component in transport mode. What important information should she be aware of about transport mode?

A. 传输模式提供整个IP 数据包的完全加密
Transport mode provides full encryption of the entire IP packet.
B. 传输模式添加一个新的未加密报头，以确保数据包到达其目的地
Transport mode adds a new, unencrypted header to ensure that packets reach their destination.
C. 传输模式不加密数据包的头
Transport mode does not encrypt the header of the packet.
正确
D. 传输模式不提供加密，只有隧道模式提供加密
Transport mode provides no encryption; only tunnel mode provides encryption.


